three two one boom and we're live what's
up Trevor how are you brother damn good
how are you man I'm good man you're a
coffee snob coffee addict ah what's the
difference when you become a snob like
when you go once you're getting
Starbucks mmm maybe when you can tell
the difference between all the kinds
coffee Ken oh yeah right if you get all
this is an Ethiopia and this is this I
guess they're all Ethiopian right thanks
Jinnah Lee I learned that from Peter
Giuliani does his name
Juliano or Giuliani I had a real coffee
expert on here once to drop the science
on me cheers sir
geez yeah he dropped some coffee science
on us a shout out to black rifle coffee
um yeah that's good stuff so what's up
man how are you went to the you did the
full comi store I did want look last
night I figured like you know there's a
chance he's gonna be there let me look
it up take my buddies yeah yeah we're
there all the time
that's like no say it's like the gym you
know that's where that's where we train
you know and you can see it and it's rad
to see it's fun to see that kind of
training going on
with that kind of creative art that you
need other people to respond to yeah
it's a weird art like that yeah you
really can't do it in a vacuum no I mean
then you're just talking to yourself
have you been economy shows before a few
um actually I went to your show oh that
was insanely a girl in from right right
right at Temecula right yeah I think is
the Pachanga it was chinking that's a
good fucking casino yeah it gets a bad
rap that's like people I think it's just
because it comes off as silly Pechanga
cuz the name probably it's a good spot
so last night was fun man and we almost
had like a mini podcast in the back bar
of the promis'd I'm like damn we got to
remember all this cool shit we talked
about it you know I was trying to think
like all the different things that we
talked about that we have to remember
but one of them is shout-out to our
buddy Andy Andy stump who basically we
were talking last night about one of the
things that happened
there was a there was an event while you
were serving where a helicopter was shot
down and then you were the report you
were the replacement group yeah so I was
augmenting the group that ended up
replacing the guys who passed away
during extortion 17 and that was a huge
event right enormous huge loss to
Special Operations community as a whole
you know I was listening to Andy's
podcast with cam Haynes it's out right
now that's cleared hot and he was saying
that they were flying towards fires and
or actually this is a different story
this is a different story
but he was saying that it got hit by an
RPG at night which is rare yeah like
apparently those things are not easy to
aim no there I mean it's just a it's a
rocket-propelled grenade it's you know
shoulder fired and you just point a name
so the thing isn't that accurate hmm so
you have do they have a scope on them a
rudimentary one and depending on which
one you're using yeah it's just kind of
sort of just getting a sight picture a
Kentucky windage II oh okay
and so that was uh that was the thing
that Andy could have been in that group
absolutely could have which is very
tough for guys that aren't there that
could have been there to know that
that's a possibility
with so many dudes that spent so much
time together like him with those guys
yeah one of the things that we talked
about last night was the difference in
perception between what war is actually
like versus what civilians think wars
like and how much of that stuff is sort
of polluted by media by movies and
television shows were they paint this
picture of it and the only people that
know what it's like are you you guys
you're the only ones who know the people
that were actually there yeah and it's I
think it's cool what you're doing and
what guys like Jack we're doing where
they're allowing guys to paint that
picture for everybody to see how
it really can be from everybody's
individual perspective because all of us
get a different sliver of what's going
on you know we all see a slightly
different reality when we're there yeah
each person is different but I think
it's important that everybody gets to
relate that to the u.s. especially
because of how long this has been going
on you know it's been 20 years of
sustained fighting for a small amount of
Americans that's really insane if you
stop and think about it because remember
when we used to think about world war 2
or Vietnam like Vietnam dragged on
forever was nothing compared to this it
wasn't 20 years yeah it's it's wild it
is really crazy because it seems
perpetual it seems like there are guys
that are serving now with their fathers
Jesus Christ it's a real thing Wow yeah
right that makes sense
fuck yeah you know when we're talking
about last night I was saying what it
like does is it frustrating to you and
you see media depictions of it and you
seen films about war like that like when
you see something that's really whoa
fully and accurate yeah it's only really
frustrating when you can see that there
that whomever put that together to doing
it for their own profit and gain mm-hmm
like their misconstruing something to
push an agenda whatever it is if it's
political economic who cares right
that's just unfortunate especially when
they're portraying things that are going
on now yeah
with dudes that are really alive still
bright that's that's tough to see yeah
um I'm friends with marcus luttrell and
he's gonna come on and talk soon and
that's got to be the weirdest one you
watching Marky Mark play you in a movie
you know no disrespecting Mark Wahlberg
was a great actor yeah he's a beast he's
a he's a pretty inspirational dude
I mean I like Mark Wahlberg a lot but to
see that guy from Marky Mark and the
Funky Bunch
like you've seen him yeah like you've
seen he's seen you and whitey tighties
what's going on
the Calvin Klein's ads and now you're
playing me like that is get from watch
that's gotta be so weird
super weird just like some guy and
probably saying a bunch of shit you
never really said oh yeah and the other
guy is what Bradley Cooper was his buddy
in the movie who was the other guy oh
yeah was it and that's right that's
gotta be totally star so bizarre this
horrific event in your life that
probably I mean I don't want speak for
Marcus but it's gotta still be in his
head every day absolutely all day long
stuff doesn't go away yeah you know you
you we all individually think yeah you
know maybe it does kind of fade but
that's only because you're not the one
who lived it exactly with everything
yeah with everything with everything
yeah we're very insensitive to the way
other people feel about traumatic events
or chaos or things that we can't
understand yeah it's part of who you are
no I don't think there's a thing that
you can't understand more than war if
you haven't experienced it I mean I I I
haven't obviously I obviously haven't
experienced it but when I think about it
I'm like I don't even know if I should
be thinking about like what it's like
I have zero knowledge yeah but it's
almost it's it's very similar to like
hunting is right if you're not part of
it your distorted view of whatever is
going on is so odd because you're
essentially fantasizing and trying to
build this image up in your head of oh
that's what that must be like mm-hmm
with no ability to actually say that
that's really how that's like because
you haven't touched it I would imagine
hunting is not nearly as intense no no
but it's it's something else did so many
people just don't they get it wrong yet
to do and they get it wrong like being
up on stage mm-hmm you know or
performing in front of thousands
millions of people yeah people don't
understand what that's like unless
you're up there right doing the thing
right yeah but the thing about war
that's more it's more crazy than any of
those things it's crazier than any of
those things yeah is that you're taking
17 18 year old kids
and subjecting to that while they're
there really still just figuring out
life
like really in the beginning stages of
figuring out life like not even allowed
to drink yeah that is really crazy
you can't drink but you could shoot
people thanks for voting no alcohol for
you get your ass over there get on in
there it's that's a weird one right good
luck doc yeah but the thing is if you
made it the same age I'll give you first
of all don't make voting 18 no it's
terrible idea
all these fucking people they're saying
voting should be 60 fuck you wasn't
Nancy Pelosi said that I think she's at
16 but when I was 16 I was a chimp I
really was I was one of the dumbest
fucking human beings on the planet if
you allowed me to have any say
whatsoever into how the world is
processed just think of this shit you
thought was cool oh yeah oh no well I
thought a lot of the same shit with
school that's what's really sad comic
books I wasn't allowed noises and loud
cars I was into like most of the shiny
shit
yeah shiny shit like this chimp fucking
most of the things I'm not an int I
wasn't into yoga or Jiu Jitsu back then
other than that or or hunting or bow
hunting other than that pretty fucking
similar but just dummy shit I'm still
dumb as shit but really really dumb as
shit back then extra dumb extra dumb
sixteen-year-old DOM is fucking
ridiculous
Jung and dumb yeah you don't even have
the experience not only that you've only
been getting boners for three years so
you're back there life right yes
everything turns you on yeah dude you
remember those days those were so
confusing to go from being like an 11
year old to 12 year old to be the 13 or
14 year old like what is happening in my
pants the fuck is this keep going from
Legos and Lincoln Logs - exactly she
looks good girls are experiencing it too
and so it's like this weird like you're
playing like an adult play relationships
you can't get it right yeah if the idea
that those people can vote it's like
fuck you that's so ridiculous yes they
shouldn't be able to do heroin yet it
shouldn't be able to drink
they definitely shouldn't be able to
absolutely but you could send them to
war oh yeah it's just you can go to war
on a waiver yeah 17 well that's what
Andy did you signed up when he was 17
and 3 9/11 more power to him yeah that's
wild how old were you when you enlisted
19 yeah that's what was you insane
what's really crazy is you're a fucking
super talented artist so show these
people is Trevor made this this is uh he
says Red Cloud's son yeah Jack red could
see that can people see that that's
fucking great man you're really talented
so you went in school for art I did so I
went to the Chicago Art Institute for a
year before I joined the Navy and my
entire family has a lot of art
background my mom studied at college my
dad does bronzes and he actually does a
sports cartoon for the LA Times oh wow
yeah so it's been something I've seen
growing up and I was playing music a lot
and doing art and picked art because
that was what I was most passionate
about that was what 2006 and about three
months into college and like fuck this
place no part of this
what was it I just didn't feel like I
was doing anything with with with so
much shit going on you know six oh okay
yeah yeah on and like both my granddad
served and great granddad served and
we've had a lot of military history so I
think that subconsciously I felt a
little bit of an impetus to do that mmm
like hey you know maybe I should just
give it a go
and if I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do the
hardest thing I can figure out thought
about it I'm like yeah mom and dad so
I'm dropping out of school I'm gonna go
be a Navy SEAL and I can only imagine
the other side of that phone like what
the fuck is going on how high is he so
you made a phone call from college oh
yeah Wow where were you going to school
Chicago Art Institute and your family
lives in LA oh Jesus yeah in Wesley Wow
yeah I have to handle it um pretty well
yeah way quieter than I expected
I think they thought that I would just
like wash it out of my system before I
really did it and so uh I think there
were a little extra surprise when I told
him like a week or so later that I put a
leave of absence in like yeah yeah I'm
I'm really not coming back to school
well I'm gonna come home and train for
this fuck yeah
yeah I can only imagine and my my friend
cam Haines his son is a ranger now
that's right he just recently deployed
here and it's for him it's uh is really
crazy struggle you know in in his head
it's like for one he's proud of his son
yeah and and honored and and you know
there's that expression if not my son
who's yeah and but on the other hand
it's like wow his son is deploying he's
going overseas and he's involved in
operations it's for real for real for
real for real you know and I coming from
a family that we have had a lot of
family members have seen combat like
it's for real for real you know and they
got it and I saw that and once I
graduated I could really see that I
could see how it was affecting them and
it's tough to see but I really wanted to
do that thing and you know you was just
a kid like yeah I thought I understood
what I was getting into and how that was
gonna affect my family and you don't I
mean I barely now get it like I barely
now see and how old you know 32 yeah
could only imagine yeah I mean that
we're only talking about 13 years ago
yeah you know that so what we're talking
about was the difference between the way
the media depicts it and the way it is
is there anybody that's got it right is
there any movie that you watch you know
that's pretty goddamn close I don't know
they're all they're all close ish you
know but a lot of them are very
Hollywood iist mmm they have to be maybe
I get it right you know I understand
they're telling a story right you know
unless they're doing a documentary it's
just a story but I kind I can say that
Saving Private Ryan was super close
mm-hmm
obviously I wasn't for that but my dad's
dad said he had to step out of the
theater when he went to go see that oh
because he could smell diesel he
remembered it it was that strong of a
memory for him yeah stalk was he at
Normandy no he he did comment landings
in the South Pacific with Marine Corps
that fucking opening scene when they get
on the beach it's it's it's tough
fucking nuts man the idea that that was
the only way that they could handle that
situation that they had to do it that
way yeah imagine being one of those guys
and us to get off those boats that was
there that was the good better best
scenario yeah yeah this is this is how
it has to happen how many people died
that day thousands I'm not positive on
that but it was thousands of people
perished that day there was something
that someone did to commemorate the
anniversary of the event and they did
something that represented every body of
everyone who died did it like on the
beach like with a number of hair goes
425,000 allied and German troops were
killed wounded or went missing during
the Battle of Normandy 209 allied
casualties Jesus Christ it's fucking
insane
that's fucking insane I mean I remember
my granddad has and I knew he told me
these things before I joined about
storming a beach in the South Pacific
and everybody left right front and back
at him dying going up the sand you know
so but that those are the kinds of
things that it's tough too yeah that's
fucking insane that's the thing it's a
is it all over the sand and it
represents all the different people that
died and it's just everywhere everywhere
you look so that if you were a person
who really had this abstract idea that
this war went down there that gives you
a visual representation of what it must
have looked like yeah you can kind of
almost get it in your head like it makes
it more visceral yeah just look and see
got many fucking bodies and that was the
best-case scenario for these
guys yeah that's the best-case scenario
that's why they did it that way yelling
it's terrifying
god damn you know and it's it's stuff
like that or like a month before I went
to Afghanistan it's about a month is
when an extortion 17 happen I'm like
fuck I'm going there to replace those
guys it makes it really really like
some-something sound home really well
and some things don't
and for me that did what was your first
deployment like so my first one was with
a team out in Hawaii where we were doing
submersible work so I drove like a 22
foot mini sub for five years really oh
yeah and we were doing some like
waterborne activities and how deep does
it go that's classified
oh really but yeah oh I can go really
deep yeah but it's it's a wet submarine
so run run scuba it's all like you're
you're in the water not just underwater
oh really
yeah so you're wearing scuba gear while
you're piloting the building so the
water gets in there yep whoa look uh you
can probably pull up a picture of it
brother that's a mindfuck on top of a
mindfuck SDV just being in a scuba is
crazy but being a scuba gear inside of a
fucking submarine with the door shut oh
Christ
so how much hair you got in there enough
that's not a boat oh so it's like a
convertible it no no so behind those
dudes yeah those doors
there's lighters so you shut them so cuz
it can drive relatively fast where like
if you had them open like shit it'd be
like oh that looks like something from a
fucking James Bond movie this doesn't it
is like something FOMA
fucking James Bond movie like we train
in the daytime it is bananas it is wild
to drive that thing I can only imagine
cuz you're landing on the back of a
submarine
it's 22 feet long
ish I I mean that's what I recall
fuckin'-a that we could cool it was fake
it's like if I saw that in the movie but
they don't have one of those
that's bullshit it does doesn't it it's
like a human torpedo yeah that's what it
looks like it looks like a fucking
missile it is fucking it's pretty cool
Wow so that is wild there's a ton of
those things that other countries have
like they've been using submersibles
since the first world war no you know
the first invent submarines okay no I
think I think the Revolutionary War
there was a guy that like paddles ass
around in a in like a I've seen the girl
or it's like an old Cheryl yeah it's
like crazy-looking Wow I'm just gonna
imagine the first gangster to fucking
climb into a metal dick and slide in the
oceans we got this even the guys that
went the deepest did it like in the 30s
or 40s and no one's been able to do that
again
why didn't see my query yeah really and
they had a window there's like four
inches across
I think you sprags when they got to the
bottom just calculations at that time
you actually get down there and then you
think like back to your question how
much hair do we got oh my god I guess we
have enough oh my god
yeah that to me freaks me out about more
than anything in the water as a
submarine the idea of being in one of
them tubes and sliding around and not
being able to see using sonar and you
think like what's in the water there's
some big-ass animals in the water bigger
sound
big-ass animals all they do is bump you
incredible stress for Archer I've seen
whales and sharks and dolphins and all
sorts of crazy shit down there
what kind of crazy shit man we were on
the bottom once and we saw this like
scorpion crab looking thing like walking
around on the ground it was like this
tall like we're so you're making the
like like a Great Dane yeah real good
like a crab a crab like Great Dane
underwater underwater is ridicu I don't
know what it was but it was terrifying
is it that's is that an undocumented
animal I'm sure it's documented there's
a bunch of those weird like spider crab
looking things that walk around fuck
well they don't know what everything is
in the Osher constantly pulling up new
shit like look at this thing it's like
the size of a car like
well what's really weird is those really
really old ones at the bottom that
people had they only come up when they
get like a tsunami washes I'm sure have
you ever seen those websites dedicated
like the stuff that was in the Thailand
tsunami I go way down the rabbit hole on
some of that crap those things don't
even look real well and they've pulled
like I think they recently got a whale
that had a spear tip in it from like two
hundred years ago a hundred and fifty
years ago like so it's a currently
living whale yeah whoa yeah so a hundred
and fifty years ago during the Moby Dick
day someone harpooned it yeah and it
lived um I think that I have heard this
recently yeah Wow these animals are
crazy I mean those Greenland sharks
lived to be like 300 or something no
shit
yeah that's what they is not what they
think that well that's one of the
theories about the Loch Ness monster
that it might be some sort of a
landlocked Greenland shark yeah yeah or
just people full of shit I'm going with
number two I'm going with number two
like how you feel about Sasquatch that's
how I feel about that shit laughs
there's enough scary shit out there yeah
we don't need to make up a Loch Ness
monster it doesn't make any sense no I
just think that people see things in the
water and then they exaggerate the size
of them and the next thing you know
they're telling a story there's probably
some shit in there like some eels
I'm sure or maybe a sturgeon or
something like that sturgeon are huge
the size of this desks are so big and if
you saw one from a distance at night you
would assume that that was a monster or
an alligator gar alligator gar yeah oh
here it is
scroll down please so I could see the
title but they all survives harpoon
attack 130 years ago to become the
world's oldest mammal look at that
harpoon go ahead well I'm glad I wasn't
full shit embedded in his neck Wow is
that not insane it was caught off Alaska
so how'd they catch it this is
biologists claim the fine helps prove
the bowhead is the oldest living mammal
on earth says a 13 centimeter arrow
shaped fragment dates back to around
1880 Wow
meaning the 50 ton whale had been
coasting around with us freezing our
Arctic waters since the Victorian times
that's nuts man wild and since they
never took calves the estimated the
bowhead was several years old when it
was first shot and about 130 when it
died last month also it died
god damn and probably died cuz they
caught it I mean they can't be good for
it yeah it's just weird how many
different things they used to do with
the whales these two turn with the lamps
they still the lamp oil and shut they
used to eat him yeah they still do in I
think parts of the frozen north Faroe
Islands do ya was it say Jamie fired
from a heavy shoulder gun the harpoon
was attached to a small metal cylinder
filled with explosives and fitted with a
timed fuse so it explodes seconds after
shot into the whale Jesus Christ that's
so dark the weapons manufacture to a New
England Factory about 1880 and said it
was rendered obsolete by a less bulky
guarding gun a few years later so they'd
shoot into it and said even though the
device probably exploded the bowhead was
protected by a 1 foot thick layer of
blubber and thick bones used to protect
used to break through the ice one foot
thick to breathe out of the surface
imagine that fucking thing can break
through a foot thick of ice that's
insane that's in South Stan I was ice
fishing on four inches of ice just
munching out on that yeah and it's
breaking through with its head for such
bitches oh yeah
compared to whales and you got to think
they only invented that explosive arrow
tip after a couple you know Moby Dick
misadventures yeah oh you got dragged
under oh yeah yeah row out there yeah
yeah just like poke it we got you yeah
how did they kill it before they had big
boats they must have had to have a shit
ton of boats and surrounded and
everybody throw one in there and just
keep doing it I'll take I'll take none
of that it's just it's a there's certain
animals that you just feel real bad when
they die and whales are one of them
they're just too smart they're too smart
they're too big and they're too majestic
and how much do you need a lamp is there
other ways to make a lamp or lipstick
these are for like lipstick read in the
daytime
relax well apparently shark's liver is
something that a lot of makeup and
moisturizers and stuff have in it no
shit yeah they did they did this DNA
test on certain makeups and they found
out that shark liver for whatever
reasons like this
excellent moisturizer how good do you
think that makes vegetarians feel like
yeah you're just wiping some shark liver
all over your face big deal yeah vegan
makeup sucks when I was looking for the
some of the animals from the tsunamis
and I found that in a wild sorry I
hadn't heard yet oh yeah
sea creatures still arriving in the US
on plastic debris from the Japanese
tsunami eight years ago whoa perfect
marine biologist don't know how long
different species can survive adrift in
the open ocean some may become invasive
when they reach new shores Wow it's
something like 300 different kinds of
animals have made it over to the shore
that's like a it's like a Starbucks
organic take out on cuttings yeah I
think that's like a you know one of
those pictures they use all the time
yeah so the tsunami washed boats plastic
docks oh I know that they did in San
Francisco they would find stuff that was
like Japanese riding on it like some
stuff that it drifted across but the
fucking weird animals the weird animals
that they found on the bottom of the
ocean they're weird heartless looking
fucks yet like half of them are blind
and see-through yeah yeah and they
they're luminescent like they they have
color light that comes out of their body
what is this one bioluminescent yeah all
the weird stuff they found anyway yeah
so when you were under that thing like
did you come in contact with any animals
did anything bump the the now I think
this was the closest we ever came was
some dolphins were close and then do
they get curious they do that so you can
hear him you can hear him oh and you're
under there I think oh yeah and whales -
we were in Maui doing some training and
we heard some some whales as they were
migrating you have seen them Maui a
bunch anywheres close yeah we did a boat
thing where you go out and try to find
the way
fucking cool it's wild man did you don't
realize how big they are until you're
right next to them
yeah you're up next to it you're like oh
that's a school bus yeah with a brain
yeah and a smart school bus yeah and
then orcas those are the freakiest those
are just giant dolphins yeah but they
eat dolphins yeah I want no I want no
part of that either they're really nice
to people though that's what's really
interesting to me about orcas is that in
captivity it's the only place that
they've like documented that they've
actually hurt people kill people
in the ocean they actually help people
sometimes like people fall in the water
they like help them up onto the boat
like I don't know why they would do that
like why do they like us what the fuck
dolphins up maybe they're so smart but
the ones out there like don't take me
don't take me no I'm just gonna help you
out like pick another right maybe
they're so smart that they're like
listen these motherfuckers have guns
they have planes and they can shoot guns
out of planes you have thumbs
yeah let's just help them back on the
boat yes be their friend yeah this some
the fact that we're still here in 2020
and they have SeaWorld whether they make
those fucking things do tricks for fish
oh man that shit is dark it's super dark
it's dark that might as well be slavery
I it's like a different animal I mean a
different kind of human is that of an
intelligent creature that you're yet
keeping in a fucking swimming pool I
feel so bad for all of them in not just
like not just the aquariums but like
zoos too it kills me like you go
somewhere and you know like oh there's
polar bear that's really cool they
painted the whole place like it's snow
yeah meanwhile it's fuck 65 yeah come on
yeah I understand they're doing a lot of
good work in the back end but yeah do we
really need to put them on display like
I know it's weird like a gift shop I
went to this wolf connection recently
which is like a wolf sanctuary out in
your Palmdale and these people are doing
great work they're really nice people
they're taking care of these wolves and
it's mostly black people get wolves and
try to keep them as pets and they
realize they can't they can't control
like a hoarder wolf 4/8 wolf type of
animals some of them but most of them
like a 7/8 wolf like okay
wolf and a lot of them one of them was
like all wolfy like a couple of them are
all wolf but you feel bad when you're
out there cuz you want those fucking
things to be free yeah like you see him
and you're like I love the fact that
you're taking care of him I love the
fact that you care but but I wish they
were just out there running around like
you don't belong in here
yeah and long somewhere in Montana and
they castrate them they fix them because
they don't want to making babies isn't
it isn't it weird how we kind of
whitewash that statement yeah it's it's
a fixed animal yeah yes you get up
no you cuz balls off yeah just say it
say what you did and everybody does that
and it's it's a weird thing man like I
went to a vet once with my old dog
Johnny Cash and when I brought him in
the the vet goes she touches his balls
she was wise he still have these I go
cuz that they make testosterone and
that's what keeps him healthy like what
are you talking about he was born with
those I'm never a reason I'm not gonna
let him fuck the dogs and heat and make
babies he's with me all the time he's
not gonna disappear yeah it's not like
he's gonna fucking get out make a bunch
of babies like this is a well cared for
dog in a nice yard like he's good trust
me
yeah he doesn't have to get his balls
chopped off and my vet that I had a vet
it was a good friend wound up dying in a
drunk driving accident fucking asshole
slammed in luck but he told me he goes
it's not necessary he goes and it does
affect the dog's energy level it does
affect the dog's hormonal growth like
whether if you do it when a dog's really
young they never grow to full maturity
they sort of stay like a puppy for a
long time yeah and I had a dog like that
that we got it was a rescue dog lashing
wasn't a rescue dog we got from a pet
store and he had been castrated really
young pastor so you did rescue it yes I
guess I did yeah it wasn't my idea with
my wife got him but he was a bitch
he was just hated every other dog hated
you know he growl growl at kids and he
just was always insecure cuz like he
never grew up with testosterone like
when he was little he was a boner yeah I
mean when I'm we got him was like six
months old he was early clip and it's
really just us as humans being lazy as
an animal owner yeah right right not you
don't want to control it you don't want
to Train it was just castrated so it
can't make this is already did
yeah and we won't make it that that's a
standard spay and neuter your pets Bob
Barker says yeah yeah I mean you don't
have to spay and neuter your pet like
females is different because they will
bleed all over your house and they go in
heat and it's a different animal I mean
I understand it but still but still like
yeah come on right right yeah it's your
choice to own that thing right or to
partner with it really unless it's a cab
oh yeah cuz that motherfucker will spray
all of your house if you have a male cat
you better kind of balls off I had a
male cat that did it anyway he was a
wild cat mm-hmm
I caught used feral and he would piss
all over my fucking house man here just
lift his tail up and spray like right in
front of you you little fuck that's when
I had to get him fixed
I had him get him fixed he was like I
guess he was probably six or seven
months old when I finally had to get him
fixed and I could pet him but I could
only pet him if I move towards him
slowly like we we had a weird
relationship me and that cat I mean it's
it's basically a lion it's just it's
only five pounds yeah it would fuck you
up
oh dude try to like he was feral I mean
it was really fair like when I got him
he was a baby
and my friend actually found him her and
her boyfriend were staying at this
apartment and below the apartment there
was like this opening and like that was
like a you know a little crawl space
area and this cat had a bunch of kittens
so her and her boyfriend rescued these
kittens and then she started giving them
away to people and I'm a sucker so I'm
like I'll take one of these I got a home
and it was like spitting at me and fuck
I had to lock myself in a room with this
cat for like two or three days
I just brought books I put a litter box
in there oh man I brought books and I
put a bed in there and just me and this
fucking cat in this guest room of my
house we're gonna be hung out together
for days dude was crazy like I'd pet him
a bit he would purse so loud when I pet
him he was so happy and then as soon as
I let him go he'd like
yes try to fucking climb up the curtains
I'm like oh my god this is never gonna
work out I was like what have I got
myself into what I just only tear and
then my other cat was outside and she
was like dad what the fuck are you doing
in there with this cat
this is crazy cuz I couldn't couldn't
have her home but once that helped when
I let her in after like a day or two and
she would come right up to me to start
purring I patter and the cat was like oh
okay he's not eating her hmm he was not
gonna eat me either and but by the time
he was getting older and developing you
know he was getting ready to breed he
just starts spraying all over my house
so I had to capture him and bring him to
the vet sure that was entertaining dude
it was a battle I mean a fucking battle
just me and him locked down in this
bathroom and I was trying I wound up
throwing a robe over him wrapping him up
in towels then stuffing him in a hamper
and then taping the top of the hamper oh
my god and then bringing him to my
friend dr. Craig and go bro I could fuck
a wild cat that I need to stay and he
just looked like what are you talking
about has balls removed this has to end
yeah it's weird what we do with the
animals man but it's but you can't
really let let feral cats wild cats in
particular outdoor cats are responsible
for billions of deaths billion yeah have
you seen the numbers it's crazy
like small birds small birds and rodents
it's in the billions I mean is this and
that's just in North America they don't
call mousers for nothing yeah it's a
stunning number yeah but you can learn
from those little fuckers like like you
want good spot and stalk tactics if
you're a bow hunter ah check why should
we cat moves like the way they like have
their front paws they don't even put it
down yet like you know he's looking he's
looking he's looking nose
and they have it get from the jump get
lower nobody has to teach you a shirt I
mean from the jump they have these
instincts free and net and that's a
housecat
yeah a housecat on a mountain lion it's
on a tiger
that's a housecat have you ever counted
the mountain why didn't we talk about
those we did talk about it so I saw one
when I was all the videos one of my
favorite videos play that Jaime this
video is this fucking deer go into a
drinking I go just have a little drink
of water here look at the eyes behind
the eyes that's a wrap boom like a
fucking super athlete through mouth
first yeah into the throat yeah I got
you bitch and then the claws just grab
ahold so they can get a good clamp down
on the throat big cats are scary dude
there's a bug that's what I'm telling
you to hone ranch they have a camera
trap over a waterhole and in that one
pond
they found 16 different cats 16
different poundage predatory cats yeah
they're everywhere eating a deer day or
whatever they do
yeah probably one a week for sure oh
yeah you know that's why California's
how many deer California this is the
fact this but it's very hard to find
deer out here they should be everywhere
right if you think about the fact it's
no one's hunting them like we're all the
deer coyotes and mountain lions well
that's where all the Dan it's a
trickle-down thing right like there used
to be grizzly bears there used to be a
lot of other predators yeah it would
push those things around because they
keep those numbers down like they're
kind of cats aren't gonna breed like
that if there's if there's koreas or
wolves that are also feeding on the same
food source yeah but there's none of
that so the cats are like let's fucking
do this yeah it's so weird it's weird
that people don't recognize that's not
good to keep them in high numbers around
people yeah you know they wind up
killing them but they don't it's all
done under cover of darkness it's all
done by state you know Dean is irregular
but then they don't sell the tags for
that so they don't make any money off of
it
which they could yeah they crank back
into conservation well it's it's the
craziest thing to say
that the people they like there's no way
mountain lions supposedly is one of the
best tasting meats you can eat I've
heard these they say it's like a
superior pork and this is not just from
one person
Greentree told me that Adam Greentree
told me that Steve Rinella told me that
fucking everybody tells me that they say
it's delicious I've heard yeah Ryan
Callahan said they did like uh slow I
think he slow cooked a mountain-lion
quarter on the trigger we said it was
spectacular
what a cool thing to tell ya like house
guests oh yeah yes we're gonna have some
still cook mountain lion yeah that's a
weird one though you kill a mountain
lion you better not put that shit on
social media oh my god
yeah yeah people already get upset about
like pigs and those are tearing up the
Bears or taking words oh yeah bear and
also because they don't understand that
you eat bear and the bear delicious yeah
and that you have to kill them it's like
that's an animal that you actually have
to kill I had berries in my freezer yeah
me too it's good yeah they're good yeah
yeah it's and that was your first hunt
right what was yeah that was a hilarious
phone call
well you had only been doing archery for
how long zero I had been doing archery
for a grand total of no time really oh
yeah so you learned on the fly so um
Andy gives me a ring and he's like hey
man somebody dropped out of this hunt do
you want to go Mike
yeah no questions asked okay he goes all
right here's some shit you got to do
it's like you have to book a ticket to
Kansas and like when he goes next
Wednesday so essentially I like I think
was like a week or two I flew out to
meet dud and Andy and Chad Mendes was
out there
oh they were doing a turkey hunt and I
was just there to like watch and observe
and learn how to shoot the bow from dead
so you flew out mm-hmm
never shot a bow before never touched
one never touched a bow before just
watch John motherfucking Dudley the Yoda
is coaching you Oh in Kansas yep in a
bar in a barn
yeah wow dude that guy's so selfless
with his time I have told so many people
I've never met somebody at that kind of
station in life that gives away more of
their time now he's crazy he's
incredible he's a real evangelist for
archery
yeah you know thank you John yeah no
he's awesome he's uh like he's changed
the way so many people approach archery
to like oh yeah from a technical
standpoint he's changing the game
yeah hundred percent it's such a this
another thing we're talking about last
night too that it's such a therapeutic
thing for veterans yeah it's so because
you know it's such an intense activity
and it's such an over what there's such
a deep learning curve there's so much to
get from it it's a forever sport yeah
you will never be perfect at archery
yeah never and if you think you ever
will be just look at duds social media
channels and that fucker shoots every
damn day no and every day he's like oh
yeah I could be better and you can
always make a bad shot absolutely you
get on everybody can screw up yeah yeah
archery is a weird thing but the success
that you do get from it it's so like
I've I've hunted with a rifle before and
it's very satisfying it's great to eat
that meat I had to it's great I mean it
really is the best meat in the world and
any way you can get it is great you know
through ethical means yes but the
difference between the way it feels when
I'm cooking an elk steak that's from a
bow hunt versus something that I shot
with a rifle it's not even comparable
yeah it's it's something special too
because you're so close to those animals
to like yeah what's a bomber shot with
about a hundred yards I've never even
attempted something like that but that's
what I mean like that would be
ridiculous that's an offhand shot with a
rifle barely yeah you could probably do
it with irons pretty reasonably run or a
decent rifle shot yeah yeah if you could
lie on the side people are shooting shit
at a thousand yards like yeah it's
something special when you close in on
an animal and you can hear it
eating right right yeah you hear it
breathing you can hear your heartbeat in
your ears and you see its ears twitch
yeah the draw the bow gets drawn back
and your
doing the and you're like like doing the
okay so your first hunt you go on an
archery black bear hunt yeah so you had
zero Tom Dudley out does he fit you the
four weeks yeah so well he had me go to
Bob's place to froms okay so hats off to
Bob from performance for measuring me
for that's in San Diego and he knew that
I was going in there um to get measured
for dead so like I let him know ahead of
time so he took a lot of time out of the
day to help me fit and feel like this is
what this is gonna be like and you know
more than happy to help it was great
I show up dead opens up a case and he's
like here it is arrows built boats built
Wow oh my god super cool
teaches me how to shoot and then he's
hike all right dude you got four weeks
every day and I'm gonna need to see
videos the first whole week that's such
a crash course to go from just shooting
a bow to four weeks later you doing a
fair chase wild bear hunt yeah that's so
crazy and you know what a hundred
percent
it was duds doing but I hit both of
those bears right in the Boilermaker mmm
I saw that I saw that yeah I saw the
video of it and when you when you were
eating those bears how weird that feel
it was it was incredible alright so I
didn't grow up in a family that hunted
not out of moral or ethical we just you
know I grew up in LA so what am I gonna
hunt house cats right it's not a lot
here
yep pigeons so it felt really cool and
for me I immediately fell in love with
the entire process the amount of
practice it takes how difficult it is
what it's like to share that meat with
other people mmm that big one right I've
been giving away so much meat and I'm
more than happy to I really enjoy it
yeah I do too I try to explain that to
people like some of my best enjoyable
moments when I get like a text message
from someone like my friend Michael yo I
gave him a bunch of me
dude this is fucking delicious or my
friend Tom Papa will send me photos of
these uh like Elk Grove City cooks yeah
it's nice it's phenomenal yeah so to be
able to do that that feeling is so hard
to describe to somebody with something
that start to finish you're responsible
for the entire thing yeah yeah being a
provider it's a very underappreciated
thing like being able to provide for
people yeah and give them something
that's like it's it's very intimate when
you give someone like a package of meat
from something that you shot yourself
like hey this is coming you from Montana
like cook it up well yeah thank you
you let me pictures it feels so cool to
do it yeah but that's not why I'm I'm
just happy that they look at me like
this tastes so good yeah no yeah you
should do it too it's something that
cool about cooking for people too if you
could do that I love love doing that
how'd you - it's like cooking for people
I can't cook a meal like I do a lot of
cooking in my house most of it I think
probably my Roy would agree but uh
cooking for like a group of friends and
like laying out especially if it's like
cooking something that you've killed
yourself it's amazing
yep I've done it a ton of times you went
carnivore for a while right you did that
carnivore diet about two years ago how
long did you do it for um so you were
early adopter almost nine weeks yeah
yeah
when did you what made you bail out of
it variety not really variety so I
started doing some what what is
essentially middle ish longer distances
like marathon length mm-hmm and I was
starting to come back into doing
strengths stuff like a lot of dead
lifting and some power activities mm-hmm
and I just really I wasn't feeling all
there like I felt like I could get
almost to fifth gear but it just wasn't
in it right well you needed carbs yeah
like a little and I'm talking like
apples or something yeah so I
essentially started putting a little bit
of carbs in and I still only eat like
maybe a hundred grams of carbs a day mmm
which is on the bottom end of very
little and what kind of carbs you take
you man
alright for the most part so when I'm at
home eating how I want to eat it's
mostly white race because easy to digest
super easy to digest yeah yeah and like
whatever is in the vegetables in a
meeting which are mostly root vegetables
mm-hmm do you know who Jack better is I
do yeah is that so Zac who holds the
world record for the fastest 24 hour run
is uh he's mostly meat based it's mostly
what he eats it's really interesting
because he freaks the plant-based people
out they get so upset like how what he's
eating their portion - yeah you don't
eat it it's like you're supposed to be
getting all these diseases and how
you're supposed to be dad it's supposed
to be sick it's it's such a dumb idea
that meat is what's causing all these
people to be sick meanwhile 97% of
people eat meat like it's some 95 and
the healthy the healthiest genetic
populations are mostly animal protein
based well there's a few that are not
there's a few of these Blue Zones like
and I think it's your Belinda there's uh
this is a Seventh day Adventists that
live out there that only vegetables that
sounds right I think that's where the
vegan vegetarian process over started
happening right thing about those people
though is they're also like really
active and fit and they don't drink you
know they're so they're their whole
lifestyle is very healthy so there's not
just that there's not ingredients
vegetable base oh yeah man
I had this guy Aubrey de Grey on and
he's a biologist that's working on life
extension and one of the things that we
talked about where it's sort of
underappreciated is community friendship
and a lack of stress and people that
even when the encounter stress they
don't give a fuck like that there's a
real there's a real benefit to not
giving a fuck and I think you have
bitchu ate it too right like you create
these habits of well that stresses me
out I flick that guy oh man oh man oh
man you're just piling it up on you know
the shelves in your head as opposed to
like I'm relatively even queue about a
lot of things yeah but it took a long
time for me to have the app whatever
that doesn't affect me uh-huh yeah it's
it's a learned skill fuck yeah you gotta
practice it - yeah you have to be on top
of it all the time yeah you really do I
mean I would imagine dealing with
anti-war people there's got to be one of
the more difficult things
to to leave alone like people that I
mean I don't know if you've encountered
rude people that insult you for your
service or that kind of shit I haven't
had that specifically online not really
really that's amazing
maybe it's maybe it's just because I try
actively trying to avoid that kind of
stuff yeah because there's there's just
no benefit there right like that that
person isn't trying to have a discussion
we're kind of tell me how it is yeah it
doesn't matter and they're trying to
rile you up damn right
yeah and that's gonna make them feel
good to round me up yeah I'm already
riled up like I don't need that that's
fine
I've seen people go at it with people
online like I've seen Dakota Dakota
Meyer so you can go out it with people
online and I just want to tell him like
bro just get out get out of there
everybody's brave online yeah like it's
so easy to tell somebody like hey you're
a pussy when you're not three fever
you're talking to a guy who killed
somebody with a rock yeah you know
precisely yeah just shut the fuck up
just seriously yeah you have no idea
what you're talking about call that guy
a pussy is one of the dumbest things a
person could say on this earth in your
life he's uh he's such an interesting
guy and one of the things that we talked
about was that I do my best to try to
get guys on that are veterans that have
these stories just to try to let just
gives people just lease another little
piece to the puzzle this never-ending
puzzle of what these people are
experiencing what people argue and him
and all these different people Andy and
Andy and Jocko and everybody else that
I've had on that served and I was saying
last night I'm like I appreciate it like
you know it's a thank you from all of us
for letting those stories get out and
having the kind of open discussion that
it allows right so at least I can do the
fuckin great format for it I appreciate
you guys so much yeah it's and it's um I
don't think I don't think he gets talked
about enough I don't think these stories
get out and I mean Jocko obviously has
them on his podcast quite a bit where he
discusses different operations and
different things that went down and what
it's like and loss and you know yeah and
Andy does as well and there's a there's
a shit ton of podcast now from veterans
which is nice but
it's just one of those it's it's a
necessary part of our culture on our
society in order to keep us safe and for
whatever reason it doesn't get respected
the way it should it's been part of
human history since you know we could
throw rocks at each other yeah and one
of the things that drives me crazy more
than anything was we were doing this
benefit when the UFC did a bunch we've
done a bunch of fight for the troops
events yeah on bases and we did it for
the intrepid center for excellence that
treats people with traumatic brain
injury and we were raising money for
them and it was so hard for me during
the broadcast
to not just start swearing and screaming
like how the fuck are we not raising the
money how is this not a thing how is
this a thing you have to ask for money
from people to donate yeah like wow you
know I want to find out where the budget
is more important than taking care of
the veterans when they come home what
what's more important who you know who's
getting who's getting all that money
where's that money going to where's it
being allocated and wasted where it's
not being spent on these guys coming
back home dealing with traumatic
injuries from serving their country and
it's not as if there's a ton of us right
there fucking art like there's not that
many guys right overall and yeah grants
Keeler pop compared to the what 350 plus
million people in the United States is
it that many now we'll be trying to
figure it out what's the current
population is it 350 I feel like it was
320 just like a couple of cents this
gets done this year so did not count
Mexicans so there's no idea there's no I
did and this is distributed asterisks
like like in like in baseball my Mexican
friends out there I don't mean any
disrespect I'm with you sneak in do what
you got to do don't get me wrong
live your life but the reality is
there's a lot more you motherfuckers
here there's a lot more you
motherfuckers here than there they're
gonna count especially illegals they
don't they're just guessing yeah the
only illegal Mexicans are here they
gotta be guessing so yes and the
Mexicans probably look at the numbers
like 12 what do you think it is oh yeah
that's it
8 million in the whole country oh yeah I
might might be a little less there's 20
million people and the great
Angeles area and there's probably
another 8 Meg about 8 million Mexicans
like I mean Mexican citizens that are
here Eagle yeah yeah probably more
there's a lot I mean you're guessing I'm
guess I'm just guessing I'm just
guessing and again don't get testy if
you're Mexican I'm not this is no
disrespect I would fucking sneak over
here tell you that right now if I was
living in Guadalajara yeah fuck yeah
rather be a landscaper a cow can drink
beer at 8 o'clock fine I'm good games
over kick back relax no I'm not being
shot at by the cartel yes I'm in yeah
I'll take it
scariest thing I got to deal with is
like filling my truck up got it yeah
exactly yeah dude I mean I I know quite
a few people that have made it over here
yeah through hook or by crook it's gotta
be weird to be in Mexico and just look
over there like damn over there I could
do whatever the fuck I want hey I'm on
this side of the river I gotta hang out
this is so crazy
take it it's weird when there's like a
fucking of just a spot and if you get to
that other spot things are better dude
and some of its really crazy like I
recently watched a movie called queen of
the desert was that which is about a
woman early early 1900s she was in Saudi
Arabia and Kuwait and Iraq ended up
being friends with Lawrence of Arabia
and she essentially helped carve out
what is now Iraq Syria Lebanon just like
you know you got to think after World
War one they picked up a map the Middle
East and they're like mmm mmm rack yeah
okay they're just made lines on a map
yeah now they tried to like put some of
the people groups that we're all like oh
yeah here's where the sounds are here's
you know they tried to put all the
people groups in the right spot but a
lot of those nations they kind of
created at the end of that conflict
what's the weirdest place that you hear
it is right there Queen of the desert
Nicole Kidman James Franco Robert
Pattinson Oh
Werner Herzog movie who's he's he's the
director of my all-time favorite comedy
Grizzly Man
it's a accidental comedy have you seen
that movie no you haven't seen Grizzly
Man I don't think do this one if I can
one of the best movies I've ever see is
it it's fucking great it's about Timothy
Treadwell guy and it's like I'm out here
saving these bears like bitch ain't
saving shit that's an 18-pound enormous
wild dog you're not saving that thing
he's he's gonna eventually eat you and
it was suicide by bear me up that guy
was so weird that that movie is really
funny man it's really fun I'll have to
pull it up I'm gonna watch it
yeah dude spark could join up and watch
that movie you you'll be like what the
fuck is this guy doing that thing's
looking at him right now like look at
this snack
it just doesn't know that it could eat
them that's all it is she's figuring it
out yeah it just doesn't know what it is
now how weird is that I'm sure you've
seen it bears in places that have
probably not seen humans yeah
like the younger ones then look at you
like yeah what is that weird thing over
there well you said you said that you
ran into one right we ran into a yeah
like a jet-black grizzly bear that's so
weird this black one oh yeah I've never
seen a black one pull a picture of a
jet-black grizzly bear they're a thing
oh yeah they're there the really light
blonde sometimes oh yeah they're
terrifying looking I can imagine it's
like a werewolf yeah
bigger than a werewolf easily they're so
big man Grizzlies are so big bigger than
a horse I was telling you that I only
saw one once in the wild that looked at
me and it was a small one it was only
like a 6-foot bear yeah but the way that
motherfucker looked at me just looked at
me like just thinking do I bust a move
it was just hungry and trying to figure
out what it what it's gonna eat looking
through your soul it just lets you know
what was when you lock eyes with that
like right away it lets you know like
okay this is what it's like to be a deer
I'm part of the food sister like that
all that thing is doing is looking for
someone slipping yeah
who's slipping out here who's a deer
limping what's up here about to give
birth to a calf yep oh shit let me get
close to that fawn let me pull that
moose calf out yeah they bears up there
II 50% of all the calves and fawns
that's insane
yeah 50% so vedere has
two babies a bear eats one and then oh
my god yeah
crazy and they eat black bears yeah see
they you know they're bears yeah I was
telling you that that my friend Jonathan
up there John and my friend John and Jen
the rivets mm-hmm they have this place
up in Alberta and their son Jonathan was
there when a bear a male bear killed a
cub and then the female the mother
chased him off the dead cub after he
killed it and then she ate it she ate
her own cub I mean just meet at that
point well hungry sir but no hesitation
she just ate it dude they're terrifying
they're terrifying but that's a weird
animal that people associate with
cuddliness and warmness and there's been
little teddy bear dude how could you
kill a bear and they are fucking tough
and terrifying yeah I shot a big boar
this last spring and when we got up to
that thing he had scars all over his
face and bruises when we skinned him I'm
like dude this fucker was just an he
just fought another bear yeah they went
to war yeah like a war they're
terrifying did you find a photo of a
black grizzly bear it's very hard for
Google to understand what I'm looking
for looking for I just wants to give me
black bear Oh American black bear look
looks like a grizzly bear but hmm okay I
mean I'm fine but they do maybe color
phase grizzly bear was just a black bear
yeah did you see that black bear that
they shot in New Jersey that 700 pounds
last week
what yeah yeah 700 pounds yeah the world
record bottom I might not have been last
week but the last week was in the in the
stories they were talking about this guy
they've established it's a world record
world record black bear taken with a bow
in new jersey new jersey apparently is
the highest population of black bears in
the entire country in the entire of
North America well there's nothing to
Jack with them yeah well it's not that
it's it is that definitely that but it's
also like they're so silly with hunting
they're they're so with their weird with
their restrictions and they've now
change it the government stepped and I'm
gonna stop a bear hunt that's good let
them breed you fucking need more of this
yeah you need let them breed everywhere
you dummy that's what that's what we
need is like a 700 pound raccoon look at
the pumpkin head on that motherfucker
oh my god 700 pounds he shot it with a
bow juice there's photos of them Jamie
where it's him standing next to the
thing that's a long time ago it's
enormous
that's a big the biggest black bear ever
it's the biggest black bear anybody's
ever shot with a bow good for you dude
that's a that's a crazy place New Jersey
because it's really close to New York
but it's also a really rural a lot of
New Jersey's like forests and woods a
lot of the Northeast is em hmm a kid got
killed a couple years back at Rutgers by
a bear him and his buddies went how
scary would that be yeah I know you're
in college yeah I'm just gonna go with
my friends when I go for a little hike
love nature
oh no the size of that fuck holy shit
litter is like a it's like a grizzly
commit on that thing yeah
700 pounds is so large I've never been
seen I've seen one that's 500 that boar
that I shot we think was somewhere in
the mid low threes and he was a huge
there it is there's a photo of it yeah
it's like a grizzly yeah that's so big
man what are like the main differences
like the face size yeah face size and
shape the words behave Greece has like a
big hump on their shoulders and they're
pissed off at the universe yeah like
when you always when you see them
apparently and I said like I said I've
only seen one live in the in the woods
and it was about six feet so it wasn't
that big for it was a probably a baby
really yeah only a couple years old but
my friend John says that what happens is
like the black bears come in real slow
and gentle and they're looking around
and they want to make sure there's no
Grizzlies around the Grizzlies come and
they just start knocking shit down
making they make all the noise in the
fucking world they don't give a shit
that bear that we saw it was tracking us
while we were tracking that black bear
did exactly that the second I looked
over because he like made a tiny tiny
but in the tiniest bit of noise and we
were you know tracking this other bear
so we're listening real close and I hear
this thing and I look over and it does
exactly that see as we see it stomps on
the ground and just starts knocking shit
over and or pounds off making a shit ton
of noise dude how big was it
it was buzzing big probably like you
know six seven it was not a huge but
it's great
thing about the cruiser bear had
attitude dude the thing was pissed off
we saw it wasn't even it was just pissed
we saw it
yeah they don't eat you know they don't
eat if they don't get aggressive like
they have to he's gotta be the king and
also he's probably trying to eat your
bear right oh he did he did eat it oh
yeah that's it
yeah we left it we abandon the search
because that's not worth the guy more
power to it like Ashley I've hunted with
him now a couple times he's like yeah um
I think that you got that bear we went
back until dud and he's like you really
think you got it real good and that's
when we ended up seeing the bear it was
when him back the second time too and
he's like I don't know man like yeah
this isn't worth it you have your 7mm
with four rounds and I have my bow yeah
let's not play this game in a bunch of
deadfall with a grizzly bear yeah make
sure you definitely kill it how fast are
you dog I saw a video once of a bear
charging this guy yeah and he literally
shoots it at the tip of the rifle oh my
god the head is where you are and he
shoots it like this boom it brains it
goes face-plants and slides in towards
him so I asked Ashley like what are we
gonna do if we run into this thing and
he goes well it'll probably Bluff charge
us and then it'll really char just maybe
oh my how so well when do we shoot it
and he goes well if the ears are pinned
back that means it's for real
don't miss like oh my fucking Lord Jesus
Christ yeah but that's part of the whole
like hunting experience and you know
providing the meat and doing the whole
thing it's part of the thing yeah it's
damn terrifying but it's part of the
processor you're like no we really are
just you know walking jelly donuts
they're out here hunting other things
yeah yeah we're walking water balloons I
just have sharp sticks like yeah
real cool especially when you see a
grizzly bear oh god it's just it's with
the the cool thing about it is I mean
you definitely don't want them to not be
there
same with wolves and with mountain lions
it's hard for people to understand like
the cool thing is it there's part of it
being that country yeah that's part of
what's exciting about it ABB's when
you're in Montana part of what's
exciting is you might run into a grizzly
bear it might see a wolf I don't know
you know it's like woo woo to say it but
it does feel like your genetics are lit
off yes you know when you see that stuff
for like I was I was mushroom dogs with
a buddy of mine up in Alaska last month
and Oh normal shit these mushrooms he's
he's wild he and I were in buzz together
so he has like a real sled for him yeah
he races whoa he's a cool dude why Jeff
it frozen Trident wow that's crazy
um we've heard dogs out while mushing
wolves howling and it lights off your
genetics like you're out there mush and
dogs in the snow and you hear these
howls and you're like okay I've heard
wolves in BC it's wild freedom in the
distance never heard of them up close
but in the distance here yeah it's weird
sound I want to hear it real loud you
know I'd love to hear it real loud up
close yeah it's Darryl they're all
amazing grizzly bears mountain lions all
those apex predators yeah so your first
one was in BC your first hunt was in BC
with Dudley yeah how far was the shot 22
yards how that's nice
yeah that's good to keep it tight yeah I
mean it took us a couple days and then I
stocked up on one I actually ended up
taking a shot from my knees no because
there was like a gap in the in the bush
that the bear was on the other side of
yeah bear did not know I was there did
you guys cook the bear that night um I
think we might have had some that night
I think we had some like fajitas or
something that night oh wow
bear for Heda yeah Dudley shot I don't
know if it was the same year but he told
me that they shot some bears that were
eating onions and that was that year was
it yeah and he cooked it with wild
onions we went up and picked a crap ton
of onions I don't know it's a whole hill
covered in like wild onions they're like
this size I think there was something
that he was saying that someone actually
planted them there at one point done
then they became wild huh that makes
sense
yeah like a homesteader so what
the experience of you going up there and
doing a spot in stock which is one of
the hardest kind of hunts to do mm-hmm
like and while you were doing this like
what the fuck is happening like four
weeks ago I never even had a bow now
Here I am with a in the wood with a
couple hundred pound predatory animal
yeah on the other end of a sharp stick
yeah it was a it was super intense and I
loved every second of it like it was
lighting off all the pieces of shit that
I felt that was going on when I was team
guy and it was lighting off things that
I didn't think we're getting lit off in
my brain you know like way deep down the
consequences and the experience all of
it you know you're you can hear your
heartbeat
it's fucking wild yeah and for a bear to
be the first thing I'm taking with a bow
I'm like I cannot Jack this up yeah
there is no missing here there's some
severe consequences yeah let alone I
would feel like dog shit if I write moon
did this thing because I chose to
practice as much as I did which was a
shit ton and still screw it up right you
know I was elated when I heard that
thing and ashes that guy man
let's let's wait a little bit and like
make sure it expires did you hear the
death moan no no because we went into
the bush like 15 20 minutes after to let
it expire he's like I yeah let's go
track this thing he pushes through the
bushes he's like never mind it's right
there that died quick I went right
through the heart like double lung and
heart so it didn't even there's nothing
there oh wow it made it when I shot it
because it was exhaling already oh so
there was nothing for it to moan the
death was weird
I heard the board this year do it it's
weird oh man yeah it makes you realize
how real it is yeah cuz it's a that
predators have a different response to
being hit then a prey animal does
yeah they don't they don't run off yeah
I'm too freaked out right they're not
trying to get away no they're trying to
attack whatever bit them trying to
maneuver yeah they're maneuvering on you
yeah they're rolling and trying to get
to the arrow trying to figure out what's
happening
then and then they're like fighting it
off as they die yeah when you first ate
it so you shoot it and then there you
are eating it did you guys eat in camp
yeah yeah they're at bear camp what were
you like holy shit what am I doing here
this is wild pretty much and then
knowing I still have another bear attack
yeah well they have to choose minis that
can up there right that control there's
so many pairs yeah B C's crazy like that
and then they've outlawed the grizzly
season yes I'm strange reason the people
that I know that live up there like my
friend Mike awkward she lives up there
it's like he'll tell you like there's so
many Grizzlies up there it's scary and
the fact that they can't hunt them now
it's like these people in the city that
have no idea what it's like they've
never been to the bush yeah and then you
know they think big brown cuddly yeah
they believe these are amazing majestic
animals yeah that eat their own babies
they are there that and anything else
and say it's a garbage disposal
yeah cleanup crew so that was your first
hunt yeah so how hooked were you all in
immediate like beyond immediately hooked
and how many hunts you're planning a
year now as many as I can reasonably
think that I can eat the meat and do did
you shot one of the biggest moves I've
ever seen in my life and the fact you
did that like what a year and a half
into bow hunting yeah I ended up
shooting that moose with a rifle oh did
you we were both hunting and we were so
the story ends up being kind of neat
because of the size of that damn thing
it's the only reason it had to be with a
rifle because it was so big that so we
called him in and called him in and
called him in for like 40 minutes and
the guide actually again he's like you
know I can hear it can hear it and moose
make the fucking weirdest noise Oh Mike
yeah okay I can hear that and we got to
the edge of a little lake it was about
200 yards wide but it was like a quarter
mile long with a bog all the way around
the whole thing we get down to this lake
he's calling he's doing it like the
horny female mmm-hmm and this fucker
comes out of the bush like three or four
hundred yards away from us on the other
side of the lake Ashley's got is buying
us up and he goes Jesus Christ that's
biggest miss I've ever seen wait
Thanks okay yeah and I see him and he
gets to the edge of the lake and we
called him for like a half an hour
they just kept waving his antlers at us
doing the yeah bitch come over here
right bitch come over here also it's
probably met a person or two by then
that size yeah he was huge and they
think he was about ten so he kept doing
that kept doing that kept doing that and
I'm like dude I really want to get him
with a bow can we please try and get him
to swim across because there's no way
we're gonna be able to get around right
for him and me to get a shot just wasn't
gonna happen in that bog and we never
would have seen that guy again it had
already been three and a half days of
hunting I had only seen one animal and
he's like hey man you can use the rifle
if you want to do it and credit to the
amount of training that we go through I
grab that thing and I'm like alright
dude well if that moves hops in the
water I'm handing you this damn rifle
and I'm gonna shoot it with a bow but if
he turns broadside and tries to walk
around the lake it's gonna take till
nighttime which it was getting towards
Twilight I'm gonna hammer him and that
thing turned broadside to walk around
the lake and I hammered him yeah that's
the move you have to its distribute I
really wanted the meat oh yeah I badly I
he could have had no pot like he could
had the tiniest little paddle wouldn't a
cared he was just bonus and everybody
there was like I can't believe you only
been hunting for a year you asshole
it's pretty crazy well let me go to
Thompson was it Thompson underscore
para-sports
I met so I changed Trevor Thompson Oh
you trained when did you change it how
recently oh it's like you know I'm just
gonna flatten this out and then does all
the old followers follow with you yeah
how'd you do that
how do you do that just change the name
you just edit your name mm-hmm
yeah it's tough to find out if it's
available in zonas and then you keep all
the same yep oh wow that is I didn't
know that so do you have a photo of that
thing up there right I believe see
Jamie's into you jut Dudley definitely
has deadly Jeffers does this beautiful
grid so mmm so these aren't really
individual photos what's up he's got
this cool oh you're doing this that
crazy fan
how do you do that sky upload moles yeah
yeah though there's an app that does
that you gotta keep the great got upload
three every time now though oh it gets a
little silly well that's pretty cool
meow looks really good so if you scroll
down Jamie I wanted me cutting up that
moose me like the tomahawk steaks you
see that do you have like an artist's
Instagram page this is not like a okay
keep going
yep I over here Oh keep going just a
little bit right there so hit that one
and then scroll over and there is wow
that thing is so big how much do you
think that thing weighed so they they
guessed he was like 1500 1500 cuz I
pulled so I butchered the whole thing
and I pulled about 500 pounds of meat
off of him sure god damn you guys wants
to eat that the entire time we were
there
we killed fuck we killed about 3 mils 3
formas wow so we had a lot of moose in
camp fucking delicious though oh my god
it's so delicious the most incredible
meat Jamie go back to the the photo grid
and scroll back up
hold on scroll down again would it would
I want to see keep going keep going keep
going yeah that's the start of it there
alright we'll go back up then there was
something that I can't damn I don't
remember I wanted to ask you a question
about something no no forget it
it's too hard when someone scrolling you
legit no back up yeah I forget what it
was so when you went when you guys were
there like how deep in the woods were
you um miles and miles from the nearest
real road did you guys get in with
Rangers or did you yeah so I can they
called sidekicks right yeah and so how
they get how'd you get all the meat out
on those thing man that was an adventure
so we get we get around the lake which
totally solidified me being happy about
shooting him with a rifle because it
took us almost an hour to get around the
lake to where he was dead and that was
us just hoofing it like hard not worried
about anything that's out there
and we got him gutted and then we ended
up leaving him overnight because it was
about to be dark and it was cold out
real cold came back the next day cut him
in half
went and got a canoe canoed each half
across the lake
individually Wow and then drug him up
the hill with the help of a ATV and
Dudley and dusty and Ashley it was like
a 14-hour day of recovering that moose
and John's Miss Jesus Christ it was
insane
there's such big animals you don't it's
hard to understand how big they are
until you get one quartered and it's
still 150 to 200 pounds yeah when you
see it on the ground that's an you
realize like whoa I could crawl inside
the thing like a tauntaun and did you
get a commercial freezer so you could ya
keep popping up 14 cubic footer okay
yeah
big-ass one oh yeah yeah just to fill
the money is it so that's mostly what
you eat is just moose right now moose
elk whitetail javelina
I have all sorts of stuff in there do
you feel different when you eat that
kind of food
absolutely I've never felt better in my
life there's something to that right
it's not just psychological it's not
just voodoo you know if it's the you are
which you eat type of thing mm-hmm
that is an athlete that is the product
of other athletes that have survived
being eaten killed and destroyed by
weather and you get to kill it and eat
it and it's so fresh and if you're
choosing to eat really well along with
it like white rice and and root
vegetables or however you're doing it
man do you feel good eating that it's an
athlete
that's how I always refer to it I say
it's like eating a giant LeBron James
like a super athlete yeah super athlete
yeah like if if an animal was a predator
of human beings looking for the best
human beings to eat it would probably
want to eat like giant NFL players or a
UFC fighter or you know what I mean did
one eat brock lesnar like look at that
fucking looks delicious look at him look
look is neck maybe that's how that crazy
bears looking at you so hard probably
who you look good get a snack out of
that motherfucker yeah it's um it's hard
to describe
people it's hard to describe to people
what it feels like to just dip your foot
into the food chain for a little bit and
come back with something and then to
think about it all the time like Andy
said it best he's like it's like I have
a pin in every September there's like
there's a pin on September I like get
ready for September yes here it comes
and when that when that month comes
around for us the big ones elk hunting
and when that comes around you're in the
mountains it's hard to contain your
excitement you're like holy shit it's
happening again yeah there's all these
different emotions like make sure you do
it right make sure you play the wind
right make sure you don't get busted
gear check yeah make sure you your
arrows are shooting well make sure
you're you're thinking about your
release perfectly you're doing it all
and you're using a silverback right yeah
that's the only thing I've ever hunted
with they're great dude yeah they're
legit yeah I shot everything over the
last two years I've shot with a
silverback yeah a reason that day right
well it's just the best way it's it
eliminates a whole idea of like not
punching the trigger and not thinking
about it yeah you don't have to think
about it doesn't exist just pull you
just go through your sequence you know
like we're talking about last night you
just do your steps say your mantra do
you have a mantra that you say when you
draw back your bow not really but I I do
I do walk myself through the steps how
I've described them to myself after duds
described him mm-hmm
you know like okay the hands at the stop
sign get a nice relaxed I'm a little
slight bend in the elbow you don't lock
your shoulder down okay pull back pull
the tension feel attention there's a
wall mm-hmm
right yeah I was telling you about this
guy Joel Turner who does this it's um
it's I think his website he changed it
used to be iron mine hunting and now
it's like shot IQ and he just he's a guy
who trained people
we trained SWAT team members and a big
part of being able to keep your shit
together when things get Western is that
you have to be able to keep your system
in in a conscious state don't don't let
instincts happen and everything just go
wild
you wanna I always forget this is it
open loop or closed loop I think a
closed closed
loop is when you're thinking about it
and you have control over it versus an
open loop is when it's like swinging a
baseball bat does that make sense sounds
right
I don't want to make sure that I'm right
see if you can google that but they
teach us the same stuff in the teams
yeah like she taught combat shooting in
the past it closed-loop thinking versus
open loop Percy's the immediate result
and upon achieving the resort wanders
off to find something else eventually
closed loop Percy's not only the result
with the effect all this is different
now but like I've taught combat rifle
and pistol go to a shot iq.com you've
caught you say that I've taught that
combat rifle and pistol along with other
people and it is exactly like that
that's the kind of stuff we teach what
do you teach like what is the the
process of keeping your shit together
it's different for every weapon system
mm-hmm but it's the exact same it's like
you just said with a bow or I just said
with a boat you talked yourself through
the steps out loud and it doesn't let
all the outside bullshit get in the way
of pulling the trigger the right way
right yeah that if you can actually have
a communication line with yourself while
it's happening yeah it keeps you in the
present moment you're utilizing the
equipment it's not in charge of you yes
yes it's weird how all that fucking goes
wild on yeah oh my god you see people do
some lousy shit oh yeah they lose
control they lose control it's hard to
keep control you know to be able to
maintain the discipline to keep that
mantra in your head and not just go on
instinct is very important it's hard to
expect people to do that though you know
like I say that when I've helped people
learn how to base jump like you need to
be focused on what you're doing because
you're in charge of all the actions like
this isn't happening to you you've
chosen to let this happen right it's the
same thing with shooting a gun drawing a
bow they're all very similar we're like
you were saying like doing a kick right
yeah and not letting rogue elements
become part of the process
mm yeah it's some it's a weird thing
that your mind does where your mind just
wants to spaz out like it's yeah it's
it's a weird reaction to stress an
adrenalin and all these different things
different factors are you trying to
calculate all at once go full-on bananas
people is there shit I tell them only
imagine what it's like in combat yeah
that's a different level beyond yeah it
is so what are you telling them to think
of when you're telling them like we
teach in combat pistols and you teach
them how to utilize a pistol what do you
what what is the process of like I try
and break stuff down as simple as
possible so that it's easy steps for
people to talk through to create a habit
so that you're using it as a
subconscious effort right like I want
you to be able to draw and fire that
pistol or shoulder and fire the rifle in
a way that you're almost not thinking
through once you become very proficient
at the shooting so that your brain can
stay open to all the other pertinent
shit that's going on all the scary crap
that's happening out there right so it
becomes an automatic movement you want
it to be like that you want it to be an
automatic movement and there's guys out
there with a shit ton more combat time
and a shit ton more teaching experience
that say the exact same thing and they
say it because it works because there's
not time to screw around with having to
think through the process it's similar
to how you're drawing a bone hunting
right give time to really think through
it all not with an animal walking out in
front you know you have to already had
that stuff it's gotta be doubled in yeah
yeah super dialed so with pistol and
rifle it's the same way like I'm gonna
break that down so simple and we can
only handle so much information so I'll
break it down real simple and then feed
you more pieces individually as they
come up
now how much in the military how much
time do they spend instructing or
coaching Pia
on how to how to think during intense
and stressful situations so they system
but they started to do more of that when
I was in buds so it's a fairly recent
thing relatively recent and I know they
do more now and what they're trying to
do is get people to make sure that they
can understand what they're doing and
perform under the pressure right and a
lot of a lot of the training and a lot
of the selection weeds out people that
can't put stress and information into
the same lane of traffic hmm right all
right okay so that's what a lot of what
buds is yeah yeah a lot of buds and sqt
and then further on and the teams like
everyday you're earning your tridon is
what they say you can always lose it so
what they're what they're saying is like
it's all processed but they've been
there weeding people out that can't
handle that sort of shit mm-hmm
and so does this something that they've
written books on are there manuals on
this and or is this just something
that's understood and known I don't
remember there being a Sun this for me
when I was in like a psychological stuff
mm-hmm
we did have some guys come in and talk
to us and then what kind of advice would
they give you Oh God you know I don't
particularly remember exactly what the
advice was like word for word but I do
remember it being like follow your
training you know we're training you the
right way and it's not the do as you're
told
yes do what you know how to do right and
you'll do it well and is a lot of being
able to perform in combat in these
situations that are insanely stressful
and to be able to manage information and
stress at the same time he's a lot of
that just learned by experience I think
so what was it like for you being
overseas or the process yeah well I was
one of the youngest guys there because I
was augmenting meaning I was an extra
person I've volunteered to go ask to go
so I was open ears open eyes and
for four months like these dudes that
are over there have been had been doing
it for a long time at that point
because I was there in 2011 and 12 and
it's all a process that is fatally
consequential and I knew that so you're
like I'm just gonna shut up and fucking
listen or shut up and watch that's wise
it's fucking terrifying is why it's not
necessarily being wise like you just I
don't want to die yeah like if that
dude's stepping over there for a reason
you know he's not leaning against that
wall for a reason he's doing this for a
reason he's got his gear set up like
that for it's not for fun you know
they're not over there airsofting it's
fucking for real so you ask questions
and the best thing that I've been able
to get from the teams which was super
evident there as you learn how to learn
you know you learn how to be a student a
good one because if you're not there's a
good chance you could die a lot of guys
have died overseas and a lot of guys
have died in training it's still doing
the right thing yeah we were talking
last night about a guy who died in
training yeah we were saying the guy who
drowned they never found his body
yeah Matt leathers so that anniversary
was actually in the 19th 7 years I think
people need to understand how difficult
that training is that people get lost
doing that all the time
yeah or are lost are lost we had diving
injuries at the team and there was no
negligence you know we weren't we
weren't doing things incorrectly it's
just stuff that's we're doing very
dangerous shit yeah very dangerous from
skydiving with gear to diving really
deep for a long time - shooting
exercises now you compound that and put
them all together and do it overseas
with somebody else out there that's
hunting you how do they mitigate when
you go overseas the effect of being over
there too long because I would I would
imagine that the stress of constant
combat first
so this is my ignorance of it but this
is what I would think was that what
ferns first it's probably like you get
better at being calm and more accustomed
to it but after a while the pressure
eventually starts to crack you that it
did just many many many months over
there dealing with it you have to you
have to decompress you do and they have
like decompression windows at the end of
deployments how much would it like what
a typical deployment how long does it
last so I was over there for four months
and they do everything from or they've
done everything from three months to
thirteen plus for a Special Operations
guys and the reason being they do the
shorter ones is because of the operation
tempo you're doing so much and you're
doing it so quickly and they want you to
be fresh and they want you to be good at
it because they don't want that stress
to happen all right
what is that like this this stress like
what how does it affect people because I
mean I would assume it affects everyone
differently okay
the but the process of being in harm's
way consistently for a long-term I I
joke about it making everybody
professionally paranoid mmm like you're
always like I'm not always wound up but
I'm always on some sort of alert for
things yeah you know I'm always like I'm
always thinking about stuff I'm always
keyed on to like I doing why's he doing
it right in a way that I don't I I don't
know why that's there I mean I know why
but I don't know what part of my brain
is saying what the fuck is that guy
doing is that hard to let go and
civilian life or is it just there
forever no I think it's there well I
think it's there forever I can't I don't
know it's still there
jersey Jacko's video he does a he did a
video recently where he's like people
were saying why you looking over your
shoulder Jocko he goes I'm being
tactical cuz I'm checking my flanks yeah
he's like what why he was in the dark
and he goes so the enemy can't see me
how come I don't smile I don't want them
to see my teeth that guy yeah is
hilarious he's the best he is I love
that got it through he's so great he's
such an important person too because
he's both articulate and savage he's
both a brilliant guy
who is wise and humble and but also a
fucking gorilla yeah he's a legit savage
yeah I had the chance to roll a little
bit with him oh don't do that don't do
that it was with Andy and Ed uh-huh and
was that when he broke Doug's neck yeah
yeah tariffs I broke a bone in his next
John thought he had throat cancer he did
once the doctors tell anybody like yeah
what happened to you oh my god it's
fucking Furillo I put me in a guillotine
snap my neck big white gorilla was
nothing he actually did a guillotine I
think he actually was he had his knuckle
in in John's throat doing something I
think I want to say John that sounds
right I think John did that I didn't
full guard that didn't know how to tap
exactly this was like going yeah I think
John had him in full guard I might be
fucking this up and Jocko put his
knuckles into John's neck and was like
using a neck crank and compressing his
neck from like either the guard or maybe
even side control and then had a knuckle
in the throat and you remember he popped
a bone it was from the guard yeah I
think I was about like from me to you to
this going on he broke a bone in his
neck no he's a gorilla yeah big hairless
gorilla yeah you can't know how much do
you weigh 165 you can't roll with that
guys it's no don't do that what was it
like but I can run away from him yes way
from DT doesn't run at all no it's
terrifying
no just March after it was that it was
like I was wrestling around with a
sweaty piece of mahogany yeah big guys
that are skilled that's so humiliating
yeah a big guy that's skillful I've and
I've had that happen once in the past
like the I think I'm cool and then you
find out you're not because I'm not a
big dude right like a bloody mind played
played I think oh line at Stanford I
came home from a deployment and I'm like
I got a little blitzed I was like
screwing around like
at the time I was like 175 and he picked
me up from under the arms and he's like
you're real strong for your size and
puts me down I'm like a god I feel so
emasculated
real strong for your sides is it too
fucking weird and he was like he's like
300 pounds yeah you know like six five
I'm I got crap those are huge humans
that's giant how often did you used to I
don't you don't so you just did that one
time with him did it the one time with
him well that's ridiculous he's a
fucking multiple year black belt hey
thanks Andy
yeah and he's crazy me and he's obsessed
he does Jiu Jitsu five days a week
that's when we were teaching to skydive
oh Jesus Christ
everybody's trying to die he's trying to
get his neck broken
you guys are skydiving why is it that so
many team guys wind up getting into
skydiving BASE jumping parachutes what
is that funny
shit is that what it is is it there's a
thing I mean I don't want to speak for
you but some men up the the highs and
the thrills of that stuff of BASE
jumping and look what is it that's so
attractive about that I don't know as
much of if it's the thrill as the thrill
combined with the enormous amount of
mental effort and cognitive load that's
going on mmm and focus because you know
the consequences fuck yeah
mmm like if you're on the edge of a
cliff in a wingsuit there's so much shit
that can go wrong between the second you
push off that thing and you can't turn
around to this 60-ish seconds that it
takes to get to the ground boom that has
killed a lot of people a lot of people a
lot of people yeah how many times you
wingsuit jump a couple hundred bases and
I have about 700 BASE jumps is that a
good thing for veterans when they come
back as well just to give them something
that allows them to feel that edge again
I would never suggest somebody learn to
base jump really fuck no I don't even
call it a sport I call it a life choice
so you only want people to do it that
are drawn to it yeah if you're a person
is so willing to do that thing that you
will do anything it takes to make it
happen and go around me to learn how to
do
okay that okay but I'm not gonna be like
it's a great choice for you yeah oh
don't go to therapy you should jump off
a cliff
how much can therapy help veterans I
always feel like you either have the
ability to handle shit or you don't and
then they can help you if you have the
ability to handle shit I agree does that
make is that it does that's a it's our
arrogant assumption on my part from no
experience but the way I'm thinking of
it it's like the amount of wrestling
that must be done in your mind going
from combat deployment to regular
society and seeing the the petty
bullshit that people think of as being
like life or death or real real issues
it needs screaming and fighting and
you're like you fucking babies ya know
and you see that a lot with guys that
come back is they're just like the fuck
is wrong with you
yeah is this really worth it right and
but I do think that therapy of some type
archery technical shooting BASE jumping
jiu-jitsu there are things that you can
take up that I think help guys unpack at
eyes but like undo all of the shit
that's in their head
mmm you don't have to go to a therapist
and talk doesn't happen that's not
necessarily the best thing for everybody
there's a weird thing about the mind
right where it has to be active yeah you
have to give your mind tasks oh yeah
yike even meditating isn't being task
less right right you're right you're
focusing on focusing yes there's
something there there's something going
on yeah that gray matter is doing some
work you got to get the engine turning
yeah it's and also it's like for people
that have experienced combat deployments
and then they come back to regular life
it's almost like your body's accustomed
to a certain level of stress and now
it's not there anymore so it might start
creating it on its own or looking for it
when it's not there oh yeah and and I
think Andy's joked about it I have no
idea I haven't been tested
or has he if I know but you know so many
of us are like adrenal fatigue because
we're just wound the fuck up at fifth
gear for years right
is that real adrenal fatigue I think so
yeah you know I mean a lot of guys are
very just like me about so much right
and I don't think that that's because
they don't care I think it's because
their their hormones are out of whack
that makes sense well there's also a lot
of guys whose hormones are out of whack
you know from IEDs and from oh man
letting down doors I I've been dumped
enough where like I felt my teeth you
know I'm pretty sure you're not supposed
to be able to feel your teeth yeah Jesus
Christ well so many guys who get back
have hormone issues too because that
pituitary gland damage from chronic
brain trauma I'm not surprised
yeah and that stuff that really needs to
be addressed and that's the kind of
stuff like you were saying for the
charity for the traumatic brain injury
mm-hmm that's shit that needs to get
looked at yeah we need to be doing
preventative work yes ahead of time yes
and then monitoring people making sure
that they're okay because that stuff is
degenerative and people need to know
that that's out there and it can be
helped is it hard sometimes for veterans
to ask for help I think so
because they just feel like maybe asking
shows a weakness or maybe they just it's
just too difficult to reach out I think
I think it's the too difficult to reach
out and I don't want to be the problem
or there must be guys that are worse
than me I think it's usually that it's
not necessarily the the fully inflated
ego of I'm just gonna be a hard-ass but
less which it there is you know that's
out there but I think it's a lot of guys
that are like now there's probably
somebody worse than me right so if you
come home and you're not traumatically
injured right we you know legs blown off
or arm blown off you feel like you're
lucky so you feel maybe like you
shouldn't be asking for help other
people need help more like I don't need
that seat at the table let me go find
somebody else for it that the lack of
support when veterans return is really
disturbing like the idea that there's so
much emphasis put into training
there's so much emphasis put into arming
and and making sure that everybody's
geared up
you're a multi-million dollar machine
yeah but then when you get back they
don't have a use for you anymore your
use tire fuck now it's getting better
and a lot of the outside groups do a
really good job but it's tough to
realize that there's outside groups that
are doing that job yes a lot of its guys
like what's the Fed doing right right
thanks guys
it's almost like there's no pressure on
them to resolve some of these issues or
to help when you come back is there any
coaching do they give you any sort of
advice um I didn't end up going to any
of that and they always tell you hey if
you need to talk to somebody there are
people to talk to you and other people
that you talk to
are they psychologists or they combat
veterans as well or psychologists mmm
which i think is a good thing it's a
good thing to talk to psychologists I
think so are any of those guys veterans
themselves they're from my recollection
they're all in the military they're all
in the military but are they all did
they experience action I'm not sure I
don't want to say out like offhand
without knowing for certain I didn't end
up talking to any of them so I don't
know do you like is this something that
you discuss with team leaders or like
guys have been who have deployed and
they've returned is this like a common
thing where you go hey you know what's
it like when you get back is it how hard
is it to transition to normal everyday
life and keep your shit together and
what are the tools that use to try to
maintain I think unfortunately that's
the stuff that's getting talked about
now just now yeah yeah and more recently
because so many I mean it makes sense
are you gonna like like with fighters
right do they ask each other how do you
recover after a fight no it's how do you
prep for it make sure you win right
because that's all we care about when
we're looking at front-end male
front-end an action front end action
front end action how do I train how do I
mitigate all the risk how do I make sure
that my buddy isn't the one that's
killed because I fuck up right right
yeah so if that's what we're concerned
about nobody gives to crap
what's going on the back end because
you're just gonna rinse wash repeat that
cycle right till you're done
do you see Hurt Locker i I've seen parts
of it what did you think about it it's a
little dramatic
is it a little fake little fake damn it
seems good full fake little fake well
there but the idea that someone could be
addicted to the action when they want to
return even when they think they're done
and they're drawn to go back again yeah
I think there's action junkies not
necessarily combat junkies mm-hmm but
like stress junkies yeah I mean I see it
in BASE jumping too
oh I'm sure you know and you see it in
skydiving people that are just addicted
to the feeling of the entire experience
not the adrenaline because I don't I
don't get a huge adrenaline dump from
BASE jumping you keep it calm pretty
calm because if the adrenaline dump is
happening you're probably fucked yeah
yeah because you're gonna do you're
gonna be swinging the baseball bat
around that's what Alex Honnold said
about free solo climbing yeah it's like
it's very mellow it is he's like when if
I'm if my heart is beating fast I'm
already fucked yep you're you are so far
down the Train of you jacked this up
yeah
it's the same thing with BASE jumping or
with being overseas right where it's
like if you're at the point where you're
freaking out something's gone terribly
wrong
yeah do they give you techniques to calm
yourself when you are freaking out is
there like dude we've done some
breathing techniques like the like three
seconds in hold seven seconds out type
of thing do that three or four times in
a row like they have I remember getting
taught that in buds specifically for the
underwater swim stuff which can terrify
that shit out of people hold your breath
swim 50 meters that's a long way it's a
long ways
50 meters a long way yeah people like oh
that's not that far bitch a long way go
do it
yeah like you think about a pool what's
the average pool 25 yards across yeah so
let's go up and back twice oh one there
and back there and back and the way we
do it is we stand on the edge of the
pool jump in do a front flip and then
swing
without touching that first hit first
push off you push off the other side
yeah what's your already 25 meters down
no way you're gonna need that yeah yeah
there's so much so much of so much
mental management involved in that
that's why when guys like Jaco come
along and they can take that
understanding of leadership and mental
management and and then teach it to
other people yeah teach it to
corporations and teach it to groups and
yeah to law enforcement and people that
need that sort of understanding that's
coming from a guy like cam with the
immense amount of experience that he has
in a couple different genres that allow
him to then teach that in a way that is
comprehendible and super efficient yeah
yeah it seems to me that that would be
one of the most important parts of that
of that job of how to handle deployment
how to handle coming back and the mental
aspect of it yeah do you learn it from
other guys like I thinks I think it's
just a I honestly think a lot of it is
that process weeds out so many dudes
that would be the the ticking time bomb
or the guy that can't handle it right
fit by the time we're training for this
stuff and it's super stressful
everybody's pretty much on on their shit
mm-hmm you know and then there's like
little stuff that you learn while you're
doing shooting that you can transfer to
all of it the breathing techniques right
and then by and large we are so well
trained and know that we're so well
trained that you're just doing your damn
job like just do your job and do it the
best you can because I'm not thinking
about me necessarily as much as I'm
thinking about everybody else also
that's fascinating too that the training
is so ruthless and brutal that it weeds
out people can handle shit it fucking
works they've been doing it basically
the same way since the 60s but hasn't
there been some chitchat about
alleviating the standards to let women
pass through I've heard of it
I've heard that they want to put females
through the program but not to change
the standards how many women have gone
through buds zero don't say that
women are gonna feel like you're a
sexist you should lie I'm not sure can i
gray area if how many women have tried
me I did you not see GI Jane cuz she
went made through well yeah but she's
doing that belt brown special um really
no women have ever made it through both
night well and that's that's a two-part
equation there is one there they weren't
allowed to the entire time I was in like
there are females in that when they
start allowing them so I am not sure but
I think that they're trying to make that
a thing now trying I wonder how many
women have attempted to go through buds
Jamie see if you can Google how many
ladies listening to this please don't
get uncomfortable we're not shitting on
you I'm just trying to figure it out
yeah first woman made it through in
December oh there you go what was it
screaming scream screaming say that's a
pre-screening process oh so she only
made it through the screening how far
how long does that take I don't know
because we don't do the same stuff that
they're doing for that they're probably
making sure she can make it through the
program oh so they want to make sure
that's physically she can probably a pre
screen screen well Jesus pre-screen they
do that they do that for officers to do
they really yeah they want those well
think about it mm-hmm bloods it's shitty
enough now you're in charge of a bunch
of fucking idiots
right you're gonna get shit on pretty
bad right so they want to make sure
those dudes are on their game mmm yeah
yeah so where's the pressure to make
women do this is it coming from women
that want to do it or is it coming from
politicians that want a sort of show
that they have a diverse lineup
politicians hundred percent because
here's the deal I've met more than
enough females that are Apache pilots
fighter pilots badass EOD chicks which
is explosive ordnance like Hurt Locker
right mm-hmm
there's some bad women in the military
yes they want no part of that job I
haven't met one that's like I wish I
could be a Navy SEAL and that's not
that's not shitting on them they just
don't want that job why is that
alright you'd have to ask
but the thing about navy seals is that
it's like recognized that these are the
best of the best these are the most
savage human beings that we can create
yeah the most efficient the most
effective the ones that can handle the
most and ones that can get the job done
when the shit is as hairy as it gets
yeah and but why change the program just
to diversify the lineup there's a thing
that they want to show right they want
to show that they're not sexist this
it's Equal Opportunity that and the
people that want to prove it are the
ones that aren't in the ring yeah that's
the problem right you're not getting
this from the the actual team itself
they're not saying you know we need is
chicks you're not getting pretty on this
place up yeah you know I think it'd be
great if we could just have like some
women running around you guys are pretty
ugly yeah it's probably gonna be really
weird when a woman actually does make it
through I'm sure you know I'm sure it's
the same like I feel for those women
yeah cuz they're gonna take a lot of
shit oh my god yeah but doesn't
everybody take shit yeah so like it's
extra shit extra shit yeah for sure
especially if you're the first woman
damn right they're gonna be like oh well
you didn't do it the same as everybody
else which who knows right so when you
do return mm-hm
how you how long did you serve for nine
years nine years and when you made the
decision to get out mm-hmm what was what
was that decision based on so I never
really wanted to do the Navy as a
full-time career my entire life you know
do 20 years and get out and collect the
pension the war was starting to at the
time
slow down ish for op tempo like how
quickly guys are going overseas and the
amount of action they're seeing the way
I saw it was it's like training for a
fight that you never do hmm I didn't
want that to be my life and I was 28 you
know I'm like you know what let me make
some phone calls and see how guys are
feeling about stuff overseas and because
I was on the jump team at the time right
so I had like I didn't quite have my
finger on the pulse of what was
happening at the team so I made some
calls and those guys I came in if
there's nothing really tying you down
like a like a kid or you know
huge amount of dad or you know a
lifelong dream of this being your Navy
SEAL for 20 years you know you want to
do other stuff with your life might be a
good time to do it dude
and I'm happy I did you know I I got out
with all my fingers and toes and I'm
glad that I was able to leave on really
good terms and feel really happy about
what I did because I feel like we were
making a difference when you say that
like what what made you feel like you
were making a difference the things I
know that we got to participate in the
places we were and the guys that we were
moved from the battlespace captured or
killed or fucking shitheads that we're
using women and children as targets and
we're causing terror when you say
terrorist people have this disassociated
view of that now right yeah just thrown
across the newspapers they were causing
terror I don't think people can you know
the coronavirus stuff is coming out now
or when a bomb goes off somewhere or
there's a mass shooting
imagine if that's your entire life yeah
if you're walking around town and that's
what's going on every damn day it's not
your fault it's just some guy that's
deciding that's their their job in life
is to ruin yours and we were removing
them so I feel like we were doing a good
thing and what did you do when you came
back when he got off when you were done
so I took some time off and did a ton of
skydiving and BASE jumping because I
love those things I was teaching a
little bit of combat shooting and then
basically about a year and a half after
I got out of military and he calls me up
and he's like hey dude you want to go on
a bear hunt so that's so it was like
really fresh out really fresh so when I
met you in San Diego
you probably had only been out for a
little morning here mmm
yeah and that's when you were just
learning or had you already gone that
bear hunt by then yeah cuz that was
summer I think we can't we went in the
front yep
and I think that was summer in Dodds
from San Diego yeah super fresh which is
probably why I was like all sorts of
piss and vinegar I'm sure is it so
you're happy with your decision to get
out but is it does it feel strange does
it feel like you yeah and I miss I
missed some of the the structure and I
miss being able to ask people to do
things and be certain they're gonna do
them right you're dealing with a
different caliber human being on a
regular basis consistently right is that
believing that's kind of like a lost
seals they find each other and hang out
with each other oh yeah outside of it
you should have seen this out here
earlier
I'm sure bullshitting like gorillas yeah
I'm sure I'm sure yeah what do you want
to do now so right now I'm actually
working for Evan at black rifle Oh are
you really taking pictures yeah oh no
shit yeah so I'm a photographer for
black rifle oh that's cool it's super
fun I love those guys
dude I love those dudes their facility
and Salt Lake is fucking dope too dude
that crazy giant roaster thing that
they've got that bought that and pieced
it together yeah did Evan tell you the
whole story about how they know that it
got a little weird weird you know they
might have had to threaten to people
people trying to rip him off but it's um
this crazy old-school roaster like yeah
they do all the roasting in house
what's a called a Diedrich or something
I think I'm glad I think that's dope
yeah it's it's fucking really it's a
giant it's bigger than this room it's
like a dump truck and side down yeah
yeah that's how they roast coffee it's
so cool it's such a crazy story to how
he outfitted his Humvee so that he could
roast while he was being deployed just
so ridiculous to be that in a coffee you
asked if I was a coffee snob
Evan Hafer okay stop yeah evan is a real
coffee snob but I mean that's his living
now gives a shit about it you know he
cares it's so cool
yeah we went there he made us all these
different coffees and like this is an
Ethiopian this and this is
yeah calls from Ethiopia and no cream
everyone's drinking everything black oh
you used to drink in black coffee
good luck finding creamer there I know
weird when they open up they're gonna
open up a bunch of brick-and-mortar
coffee shops they are they just
partnered with Bass Pro oh did they
really did oh that's huge you're gonna
be the company will be selling coffee at
Bass Pro Wow like immediately
so it'll be inside of all the bass pros
I think I left them out but I think it's
like in the triple digit range and then
are they gonna do some brick-and-mortar
places outside of that as well
I believe so and they've already done
they've already done one in Texas dude
if they can get people to stop putting
cream and coffee that would be fucking
miracle that would be a that would
literally be a miracle it would actually
be a miracle yeah cuz most people just
put cream in automat I do think it's a
mindless action copy open it up and pour
the cream exactly this when I go to
Starbucks I get my coffee I open the lid
I pour a little bit of it in the garbage
can so you get some cream in there
fuckin a half filled with coffee like
yeah 50-pound
yeah when they say room for cream I go
yeah but like give me real room no they
give you like a pens word yeah that's
not enough room for cream man you're
just gonna spill anyways this is
ridiculous but when you drink their
coffee we drink like Starbucks coffee
and then you drink black rifle coffee
black you go okay well this he actually
can drink black it tastes good yeah and
every day like I go I live in Salt Lake
City now and I'm down there hanging out
with Evan all the time and he's
constantly roasting beans and cup and
coffee and Nick he's trying to better
the experience for the user and what's
really cool is that guy has found a
passion outside of being a you know like
a badass green beret or whatever you
know military like he's found an
identity outside of that and driven so
hard towards it and he he gives so many
shits about the user base and the
consumer he really does well it's also
the culture that that company is sort of
created it's you know very supportive of
veteran causes first responder causes
military police all that stuff they give
a ton charity yeah they really care and
he tries to hire so many vets all the
time yeah and I believe Dave you could
because there buy a bag give a bag I
think they've given over
thirty thousand pounds of coffee for
free to guys overseas how badass is that
it's amazing yeah it's a really good
company now and good people yeah they
care about their employees and they care
about their customers and Evan's a
coffee snob yeah and the coffee's legit
cuz there's a lot of places like all
these mass-produced places so if you go
like there's a friend of mine who works
for the UFC who's a real coffee nerd who
owns his own coffee company and he was
explaining to me that the stuff that
they buy if you're a Starbucks or you're
one of these you're just buying bulk
yeah and there's stuff that his company
buys you're buying like really small
batches of coffee well there's not
enough available for all these people do
Evan is in Guatemala right now at a
coffee farm well physically they're
inspecting coffee the guy gives a shit
I said such a strange thing to be
focused on a little bit like a little
little cherry fruit looking thing yeah
that's weird you have to put on a
wrister and yeah have you ever had that
Kopi Luwak coffee I have okay so someone
had a bag of it and I came here I was
there like yeah so this is some of that
stuff and we're not really sure if we
want to try it I'm like fuck it I've
eaten scorpions let's make this happen
yeah turn it into coffee yeah it's just
washed off after it's gone through its
but it tastes just like coffee it's but
it's a weird kind of coffee right it's
better it's a smoothness to it I don't
particularly recall you know I just I
don't remember it being like extra fancy
yeah it's okay is that it right there
Jamie that's what it looks like when it
comes out there asshole
it's a civet so if you people don't know
what we're talking about there's a kind
of coffee called Kopi Luwak there's an
animal that looks like a rat but it's
actually a I believe it's in the cat
family like it deranged rat it's but
it's I think it's a I think it's a
feline like look at its claws yeah yeah
see it's Clausing it's weird-looking I
think it's a civet but I think that's in
the cat family and it eats these berries
that are the coffee beans and it shits
out the beans and then people clean the
shit it out beans because it the stomach
acids break
on the outside of the beam whose poor
job is that yeah I'm a shit cleaner yeah
I'm clean out cat shit see I think it's
a kind of a cat see see if that's true
is a civet in the cat family like a cat
that eats berries man fucking weird go
just just put up civet civet in the
category what does it say I figured I'd
just be able to click it right there oh
come on you're like hyperlink me Kapadia
cat family just but I don't think
Wikipedia maybe they're nocturnal to say
oh the SARS virus say some sort of feel
like I wouldn't that um maybe the
taxonomy is that what it is yeah I mean
yeah I'm just a Ferrer day okay us small
to medium-sized mammals thank you like
for Nia over under scientific
classification okay was it sale I'll
retry your search scientific yeah just
say is a civet in the cat family is a
city like a moron but don't be going
through all them scientific journals in
the cat fan drink it down Barney stop
civet call the civet cat there we go any
number of long body short leg carnivores
the family vivir Verde civets found okay
this is how you get confirmation bias
yes question find the answer somewhere
that's right that's a good point someone
might have just written this is this
rather cat-like in appearance hmm oh
they're weird it's not a cat
really are they related to are not cats
they're commonly called civet cats
they're not cats in fact they're more
closely related to mongooses than the
arctic cats fuckers are mean don't they
attack Cobras Annette fuck Cobras up
there's a bunch of great videos online
Cobras can't fuck with them they don't
know what to do with a mongoose mother's
just trail around think I get skinny
little honey badger occasionally they
get jacked though I've seen his mom
brings Cobra fights online and the Cobra
gets the Mongoose you see the Mong so
sit down like oh no hey he got me
it's out app and that's how it goes down
that's the Sabbath with a banded
mongoose single monk okay so that's a
big band it ended we got a freaky
looking motherfucker he is that looks
like a Tasmanian tiger yeah that was
little beat it so while my friend
Forrest Forrest gallant is a gallant our
gallant a I would go with that he gonna
go on that yeah he is actually going on
a mission oh my god so look for the
thylacine there's been enough sightings
of it in certain places in the world and
he's I don't know how much I can say
about this so I don't want to give up
the location but they have an area where
there's a guy who apparently had a
captive one and it died what has the
thylacine skull and they're gonna
examine this skull and they've see them
on a regular basis did I see them enough
to think that there's a actual breeding
population how cool would it be to be a
guy that unextinguishable Kyah a lot
like a crazy-looking yeah I guess kya
yeah that mongoose is a freaky animal
too like there's so many little weird
freaky mammals like Wolverines and I've
never seen a Wolverine in the wild
that's that's a wild little animal
badgers and Wolverines Wolverines are
like I had a Wolverine described to me
by dusty duds friend up there
he's like Wolverines they're like
grizzly bears that got born into that
body that's why they're so pissed off
dare you make me the size yeah they're
not scared shit dude would you be if you
were that angry just a weird little
animal I mean is what do they weigh like
50 pounds maybe I don't know they see
red all the time they scare bears off a
kill so they scare bears off it kills
they scare wolves off of kills they must
have just like insanely thick fur and
it's not very bright they're not smart
yeah I mean would you be that smart if
you're scaring a bear off a kill I don't
know if it's a shit an intelligence
things just a fearlessness yeah it's you
know when nature has this very strange
but logical sort of
chain of events that take place right
between like small tiny animals to the
animals and eat them to the animals that
eat them like this whole huge ecosystem
when you see it laid out and then you
see individual players like that
mongoose by themselves like what part do
you have and his crazy play yeah you
know what did you get assigned because
it doesn't make sense well for something
like a grizzly bear to exist like
there's got to be a need for it yeah
like for something to be this fucking
enormous predatory bear thing that's you
know 11 feet long 1,800 pounds what is
that swims runs the horse right like why
do you need to be there like what's oh
because there's too many these fucking
mammals yeah like if you don't have
something like that that cleans up
they're gonna breathe like whitetail
dude in the south and then there will be
literally no vegetables
there will be no plans everything we get
eaten yep yeah white towels in the south
or white tails around where Dudley lives
I'm like dude you gotta drive three
miles around or everybody no they just
bounce especially in the during the rut
out of control oh it's crazy up there
dude his place is great though his place
is amazing yeah have you hunted this
place yet no dude I've been there I
spent some time to everything have you
gotta get a tag you try to get a tag for
whitetail season with that guy out of
control well he's the master like he's
he'll he'll sit in the same spot for a
month
I just waiting for like one buck dude
that guy if insane people people think
like I have patience and a watch watch
Duds social media like stream during
whitetail season right watch and feed
his instrument live feed yeah oh my god
yeah he just sits in a tree stamp all
day out here again yeah I just saw buck
yeah he's got like a one target buck
that he's after for like a month I don't
have that kind of time I don't have that
kind of patience like that whitetail
patience is a different mean obviously
Dudley does everything right but that
whitetail patience to be that guy that
sits in that fucking ladder stand-in
okay well do you want to kill crow yeah
sure yeah in November it's freezing in
Iowa
and that's why he lives there he moved
to a spot so that you can hunt deer and
bought a giant farm so he can hunt deer
and then sits out there all the time so
he's hunting deer I mean if you love it
go to where it is like I moved from San
Diego because I was sick of the traffic
and sick of how California was you moved
from San Diego to Salt Lake because of
that yeah besides San Diego ain't shit
compared to up here
traffic oh my god this is like like
triple yeah this is like Singapore or
something this place is nuts hey at
least there's not everybody on scooters
there's a lot of people on scooters you
never seen this motherfucker whippin
down the street
I was driving yesterday on the way home
and he was next to me on the sidewalk on
as fast as I was particularly oh man I
have a fast one here's a really famous
one but dude I was thinking if Jamie if
you wipe on that thing like you're going
down hard yeah it's a daily risk but
calculated I'm not going that far yeah I
have a nice little path no one's in my
way you don't wear a helmet though huh
well again I'm not going very far
reckless motherfuckers going 30 miles an
hour no helmet okay go 25 dude if you
wipe at 25 miles an hour that's fast
I've wiped on a bicycle standing upright
and yeah fucking hurt yeah gonna hurt
but you're fine I'm not gonna wear a
super-tight helmet like a dork did you
ever take the hit you know I don't know
if you're gonna recover from a hit from
concrete yeah you might be a different
guy you might be google searching all
the wrong no I meant that in the way
like some people wear a helmet but they
don't put it on correctly that's I have
a helmet you have to wear it tight you
have to have it on strapped tight like
it has to be good so your brain doesn't
rattle around like yeah best-case
scenario where acai chol helmet so that
yes I'm not doing that you can't be like
a peewee footballer where you got like a
helmet that's six sizes too you should
wear a motorcycle helmet and football
shoulder Prague and then a hand pads
Deontay Wilder is outfit on to go do you
know what he's talking about with
Deontay Wilder is out he got knocked out
by Tyson Fury and he blamed
some of it on the fact that his legs
were worn out because he was carrying
around this crazy outfit I saw weighed
40 pounds I think I saw a meme with that
I didn't know what it was about I'm like
the hell first I thought it was a
ridiculous
yes but I saw yeah I'm like why is
Skeletor fighting like what's going on
here at first I thought it was
ridiculous that he would say that but
then I thought about it and when we were
talking about it yesterday Michael Yale
was saying that he had to wear that
thing for 40 minutes well I was like oh
really okay that's different so if he
really did have that thing on for 30
minutes or whatever it was that's a lot
of weight to be carrying for that long
that seems kind of ridiculous that they
let him do that
why is he wearing that because ones look
dope I also walked out very slow of
course it doesn't have that whole song
to play 40 fuckin verses like Tyson
carried out you know carried out yeah
see I didn't even watch that I
fast-forward through all that bullshit
like Bernie zero calories I don't want
to hear any fucking national anthems
either one thing I'm happy that the UFC
doesn't do that they play the English
national anthem the American that would
come we know where we are do that she at
the beginning of the night yeah I start
the flights off yeah one time - at the
beginning very first fight before the
first fight let's play the national
anthem fine beautiful perfect let's do
it don't do it right before the main
event you cock tease well my guys in the
ring dancing around getting ready and
now they have to wait for three minutes
I think that company also said they've
made other outfits for other fighters
who have then gone and to knock people
out so that that excuse wasn't great
either well he's looking for an excuse
well the bottom line is Tyson Fury beat
the shit out of him yes if he had won
right he would have been like if he
doesn't mind it's because my outfit
right I scared him right well he did say
that like putting on that mask makes him
transform he has this thought that mice
are on that is a crazy day it's like a
mix of Sauron and Skeletor from yeah
like he-man
it's pretty fucking dope it's too bad
it's so heavy oh my god I wonder if he
does it again
imagine if he wears it again next time
you know what fuck it fuck fuck my
excuse never saw the old one look at
this one
Oh pacify it using it in training - that
one looks better yeah I like the white
that's a lot lighter though that looks
like you actually walk around in it what
it doesn't have the lights lights or
touch I guess LEDs make something
Mercedes isn't getting on a throne it's
so amazing girls were carrying them
girls we carry I think so yeah Oh Mike
that's a risky move
I wonder if they have him wear heels
what were the girls wearing I don't
bikinis a member did you see the fight
no dude it was amazing cuz I heard it
was it was amazing I just didn't say
shock the world yeah nobody thought that
was happening Tyson Fury just ran after
him and started beating the fuck out of
him and everyone's like what where did
this go running like he fought
completely different than every fight
he's ever fought he just chased him down
chased him down got in his face but he
still used good boxing that's what's
cool yeah like I'm gonna change my shit
up so much that you're campement me
watch this shit
how much martial arts did they go over
in the team very little do you think
that's good yeah you don't need to I I
think I was actually talking to somebody
about this recently I think it's better
for guys that have to put hands on
people that aren't given as many options
as we are to end the fight before that
with some other means right mm-hmm like
police officers right I think that those
guys really need that kind of training
yes because they can put hands on people
they're there to serve and protect other
citizens yeah I ain't serving and
protecting any of our citizens right
none of us are right we have a totally
different job right I mean it's just
reality
yeah guys get into it because it's it's
definitely helpful but I don't think
it's in the scheme of things that are
necessary to do the job well because
there's so many variables already that
you need to control adding that to it is
just kind of probably watered down the
training for the other things well I add
all the cognitive load of becoming good
enough at jujitsu so that it's second
like totally second hand yeah totally a
subconscious action why why get that
much out of the way of time to train to
shoot well you were a crazy gymnast
right don't you have like crazy
gymnastic skills no not particularly
not particularly don't lie you can do
some things you want some things yeah
that kind of ability that
physical ability to move your body that
kind of dexterity would translate
perfectly to jujitsu you know like some
of the best jujitsu guys they come from
breakdancing that makes sense yeah rich
Martinez my friend boogie
he's a tenth planet San Diego and he's
he just actually just had a submission
match against Jake Shields who was like
a really super respected veteran and
tapped him and Richie started out and
same as his brother Geo they started out
as break dancers and when they first
came to the school Eddie was like dude
there's something going on with
breakdancing
like if you think about the ability that
you have to maneuver your body stand on
one hand spin around the circle's like
do one hand handstands and you know like
the physicality combined with knowing
where your body is in space exactly like
I understand that I'm like sort of
cockeyed sideways on my left elbow yeah
yeah yeah but gymnastics is very similar
a lot of gymnasts can translate the RET
and George st. Pierre actually to
improve his overall game started getting
into gymnastics and he said it had a
significant impact dude that Guy'd be
terrifying to watch dude gymnastics yeah
but just his ability to use his body
he's like well if I could do all these
things that other guys do like back
handsprings and flips and all these
different things like that would be very
beneficial just just to understand how
to use your body it's like a a more
advanced form of plyometrics in a lot of
way yeah for sure yeah how did you get
into that doing gymnastics weird
gymnastic stuff pure aren't curiosity
really yeah so you didn't like take it
wasn't something you took up in high
school or college no I was a
cross-country and track and field guy
did like long jump triple jump and then
cross-country races and then I've always
enjoyed rock climbing and did a little
bit of surfing and I've tried my hand at
all of goofy sports and from there I'm
like well what's the best way to get
really good physically you know so start
learning how to do some of the gymnastic
stuff and a few of those things like I
have no damn clue how those guys end up
doing an Iron Cross or write a planche
and I'm about as good as like a you know
a seven-year-old girl that's pretty good
some girls are fucking impressive you
know what I mean like my daughter does
that shit it's just such a crazy thing
to see someone utilize their body like
that it's impressive
yeah the amount of proprioceptive
knowledge that's going on there my
employee yeah I mean there's so much
coordination and you're going head over
heels you're literally like flying
through the air yeah more than once yeah
yeah yeah but I've done I've done some
like Windtunnel flying that's kind of
err gymnastics Windtunnel flying what's
that like it's a tube there oh did you
get in and it was like one of those
things where you where yeah yeah I've
seen that how fun is that it's the
fucking best really oh man it's so fun
so is it like skydiving would you don't
die yeah it's got having no stress right
you should come to it
I would love to isn't there a place in
Universal yeah yeah you should go to San
Diego the one there's real good Oh
better it's worth it worth the drive
next time I have a gig down there is
this it and say yeah yeah go holes my
San Diego but this is it they're
actually that person's upside down hmm
seems like you could just build one of
those you could you know for like a cool
five mil that's how much across I I've
been told it's like five to ten or
something ro look at that that's insane
it's so fun so that's all a fan yep and
so you're wearing a mask so your lips
don't fly off very much wow that's
incredible it's so cool man and so you
when you're going straight up and down
like when you're when you're flat so if
you're parallel to the ground yep then
you can float well yep then when you go
straight up and down then the wind can't
really carry your weight so you drop
which is why you start turning mmm going
in circles cuz you're generating lift ah
that makes sense so this is an unusually
large one this is not let's say no this
is this is like an average-sized one so
the one in universals like this no that
one's a I believe that the one there is
a an oval and is slightly smaller oh the
one in San Diego's about
Taizo does that something that actually
has a purpose in terms of training guys
oh yeah we act we used it on the jump
team a ton and then they use it yeah
this is it I fly there you go dude if
you are a superball you should have that
shit in your backyard
well the Prince doesn't do bye does he
oh yeah I'm sure he does yeah he's got
like Falcons and Ferraris and shit yeah
of course he's got a wind tunnel what am
i I mean how often you think he uses it
I don't know I I had I had some buddies
that used to be there and they used it
every day really oh yeah what are these
guys doing they're teaching people how
to do this
oh yeah that's basic I did that once
it's very basic but like it's how
different is like what that flying up
version versus this like level of I
guess because it seems like it's a lot
it's a lot like hundreds of hours of
time flying really oh yeah
it's a lot of time to learn how to like
do what they're doing right there yeah I
would imagine you try that you face
first right into the fucking wall feel
like an idiot
yeah there's a lot of I think I'm
looking at this I'm like I'm not buying
this there's a lot of wind tunnel
linebacker shit going on yeah oh yeah
but it's a it's a really cool thing and
it's a lot like gymnastics or dancing
but in the sky it's really cool now
you're into all this stuff and you did
try some jujitsu with Jocko are you
interested in doing that
absolutely why don't you do it which
Salt Lake's a great place page of
showers a great place there's there's a
lot of jujitsu in Salt Lake I'm
absolutely going to and I like I was
literally talking to Andy about this
Chacho because we went out with Henry
Aikens and John Cavanaugh Oh perfect so
we were bullshitting with them and they
were you know they were poking me and it
was like the last straw like all right
all right okay yes yeah a guy like you
would get addicted to it immediately
just I am sure I will
yeah Andy's all in as part of the terror
though like hobby creep I got crap yep
hobby creepy another one that's a great
way to put it man I got that from Sean
Evangelista from like Andy's buddy
yeah and thirty seconds out he's like I
can't learn how to bow hunt like what
his hobby creep I don't need another
expensive hobby man yeah I already have
enough bow hunting's the ultimate hobby
creep duh it's helped me so much though
it is hobby creep for sure and it does
take up a lot of my time but man I do
you love it
I just love being able to use my range
here and just shoot it's so relaxing
yeah I wish more people would have the
opportunity to do archery it's brain
scrubbing yeah you know because you're
focusing on that task so completely that
it just kind of cleans out the old
system it's it's meditation it's just
like it's moving meditation that's a
funny way to put it because it's exactly
the term that a lot of people use for
martial arts it's what it is yeah a lot
of people use that term moving
meditation for martial arts a lot of
people use it for running too which is
another thing that you really got into
all right yeah I've actually I'm doing a
couple mountain races very like sky
running races this summer don't hang out
with campaigns no I don't know if I'd
understand doing like ultras that
motherfucker will have you doing stupid
shit 10 10 to 20 miles it's about where
I'm at
he doesn't mile he doesn't marathon a
day yeah I'm good no thanks it works an
eight-hour job doesn't marathon a day
just released a video that the
campaign's story and you watch it you go
wait a minute huh how are you doing this
what is he powered by a nuclear reactor
dude he's a freak he doesn't even get
hurt that's what I don't understand like
since I've been friends with him he's
been hurt a couple of times like you he
had a like a injury to his foot he
thought was a stress fracture by the way
kept running never stopped running the
entire time think my foots broken I'm
just bang out twice ten miles today I'll
do a short one today but he gets up at
2:30 in the morning okay 2:30 in the
morning sometimes and he'll run 18 20
miles and then he'll go to work and then
during lunchtime
he'll hammer around another eight and
you got to fit in you know a little bit
of archery yeah and then afterwards he
goes and shoots four hours and then he
goes to this crazy fucking pimped out
mancave that he's got and he lifts
weights at night there he is I mean I
just don't there's certain people that I
mean I get it though like we were
operating in a similar way when I was in
the SEAL Teams like like your whole life
is centered around these things mm-hmm
like I'm just gonna be really good at
all of it well his whole life was
centered around bow hunting believe it
or not all the other stuff that he does
is really to get himself in shape for
bow hunting and then to challenge
himself so that he understands that his
body is in perfect tune and he could do
it it's dude hanging out with him in the
mountains so goddamn humbling cuz he
runs up these mountains like it's
nothing here I'm dying and I've been
running yes I've been doing it but I
still I tried to keep up with that
motherfucker I'm like Jesus Christ you
just gotta like pull one of the minor
tricks and like stick a little rock on
my back this is not gonna help
ignore it you won't even notice it's
it's it's weird when someone is that
dedicated to something and you're
friends with them it's weird and a
little terrifying right but it's also
really cool is that isn't that rockin up
using energy so does he still do think
that's an old one yes 2013 I don't think
he used that rock anymore
he had 130 pound rock that he would put
in his backpack and carry everywhere
dude that's a lot of weight so he's a
ridiculous person
that's alone oh if someone gave him a
rock as a present recently and he
fucking put it on his shoulder and took
it with him up to the top of the
mountain off okay he was like thanks for
the rock like gave him a big fucking
rock like a 75 pound rock but he didn't
even bother putting in a bag he's
carrying around up the mountain on his
shoulder and switches to make it
difficult at a gorilla to make it more
suck
yeah he's fucking strange person I mean
I get it I mean I've done a lot of ruck
runs and stuff yes for kind of fun it's
raining it's humbling being friends with
that guy though he's so inspirational I
mean like I don't know I mean he is I
know I don't know anybody who's more
driven than them it's crazy
so even Goggins like when Goggins and
him were running like Goggins us to keep
up with camp like and Goggins is the
fucking man I mean he is the endurance
King you know it's cool to be around
people like that because it makes you
question whether you're doing enough
right or something like just a little
bitch like exactly I thought I wasn't
but I'm definitely a little bit I've
answered that question hanging out with
cam a bunch times like well definitely a
little bitch
it's just he's got this weird drive to
constantly push his limits like here's
this is him right my fucking dog we put
a toy hammer my dog's got a toy camera
and so he's got this toy hammer in his
mouth and as a quote my wife wrote this
down she wrote what are we hammering and
how long we supposed to keep doing this
and then I sent it to cam any sense of
via text message says tell Marshall we
keep hammering until we're dead even
your dog's not pushing it enough that's
so funny
but the fucking that is the most
campaigns answer ever tell Marshall we
keep hammering until we're dead and
nobody's serious oh yeah and he got up
at 2:30 that morning to run a fucking
marathon before he went to work on snow
ha ha ha remember that message he's like
no this is what we do even if there's a
ha ha means it
he means every fucking word of it when
people say they do a lot you know oh man
he gets a lot done like does he really
yeah are you really burning at both ends
do you understand what this
motherfuckers doing he's running a
goddamn marathon every day they tell you
like there's certain physiologist tell
you well when you run a marathon you
need six months to recover
do you really are you sure maybe you
just need 12 hours yeah maybe maybe I
don't know what the fuck you're talking
about man I'm not sure everybody really
has this dialed in like what's possible
well think about where we come from like
we're we're the result of successful
hunter-gatherers yeah for hundreds of
thousands of years right now so we
should be really good at this shit we
should be the best of it
ya know instead we're water balloons and
jelly doughnuts well yeah well it's when
you find out what's really possible from
the human body when you see people that
accomplish an incredible feats of
endurance did you see that former Marine
who was I guess you're never a former
Marine 62 year old dude who like beer
and dad not a former yeah he won the
world record for holding a plank
he held a plank for 62 held a plank for
eight hours and I think it was like 13
minutes something preposterous
the lights yeah look for a phone he's
like on the doing a plank look at this
guy he does not look former US Marine
again there's no such thing
well no just I mean look at that hit our
plank record yeah look at him he's a
personal trainer
he's fucking what the shredded bit look
at him holding that that guy looks
terrifying
eight hours and 15 minutes and 15
seconds that's crazy but that's one of
those things look at him playing on his
phone that's one of those things that
would you think look at the fucking
faint
well that into keep that for eight hours
is you like a lot of people have a hard
time planking for a minute at all and it
should set the record in 2013 but then
he lost it head-to-head with another guy
but now he's back stand I broke the
record that was fucking bananas and
holding onto his phone is hilarious
I guess maybe needs a timer in front of
him maybe that's what it is or just kept
I mean eight hours wouldn't you just get
bored you definitely get bored but the
amount of mental fortitude that you have
to have to be able to do that and hold
that position for eight hours and 15
minutes what did he say he was doing it
for Jamie there was like something in
that video for mental health awareness
yeah you're crazy bro you should be
doing it for mental health awareness for
people to be aware of your mental health
yeah people be aware of how fucking
crazy you are have that guys coming
after you that is like dude he ain't
gonna stop no no there's people that
their mind is just fucking story tube
hooked up a p2 that's something how
patients are you well I'm eight hours in
a planked patient yeah oh it doesn't a
p2 but what happens to just take a shit
hey hey when what he ate before he did
this or if ii ate during it can you eat
like a banana while you're planking
there can maybe like it sag yeah running
where you're doing like liquid diet
stuff yeah some gel that was the
toughest part about the real long dives
that we did like every time stuff went
into the 9 10 hour range it's like
you're not eating anything right right
you come out and you're haggard no I can
imagine man
that's got to be fucking hard just look
when I do the UFC and I don't really eat
for like six or seven hours it's hard it
fucks with you yeah your your brain is
just let your brains like hey man though
this is not working well we need some
extra stuff somes
yes and what's missing and she eat
something occasionally I'll get a hotdog
or something when I'm doing those but
that's just that that's just sitting
there talking yeah which you know what's
incredible how much burns off energy is
playing chess they did these they have
these world-class chess players in these
World Championship events and they found
that they were burning thousands of
calories just sitting there playing
chess because they were all losing
weight and they're trying to figure out
why these guys losing weight like what's
happening over the course of this
tournament you know winner but their
brain is firing leave that 6,000
calories Robert Sapolsky our guy the
Stanford professor who we've had on the
podcast who studies stress in primates
at Stanford University says that a chess
player can burn up to 6,000 calories a
day while playing in a tournament three
times when an average person consumes it
a day yeah so they've they've figured
this out fairly recently because of a
lot of these guys are losing shit loads
of weight that's why yeah your brain I
wonder like I don't think commentary
burns off anything near what a chess
player burns up but I wonder what it
does you you are thinking all day while
you're watching the fights I wonder how
much I'm burning cuz do when I get out
of there I eat like a fucking wolf can
you take your woops trap usually yes I
do but your heart rate isn't going up
yeah well also the whoops trap is
measuring yeah it's measuring your heart
rate and it's also I mean it's based on
your activity yeah I don't I don't think
it's gonna know like mental like because
I don't think their heart rate is jacked
if they're they're burning 6,000
calories a day just sitting yeah that's
gonna get measured calories burned off
of your physical act yes right now it's
an additional thing well that's also
like different exercises that are
physically taxing and also mentally
taxing
yeah they have to be consuming more
calories oh yeah like like I was saying
about the dives mm-hmm like I've done
dives that are 6 to 12 hours long and
you get out of the water and you like
I'm sitting there I'm think like I'm
using my brain a lot yeah but it's also
cool to fuck and I've come out of the
water a couple times and lost eight plus
pounds Wow
in the water in the water so that's nuts
it yeah where's it going out so I'll
becoming a part of the ocean I guess I
don't know right minam yeah you're
pissing out a lot of liquid losing water
to the ocean while you're in the water
oh yeah you could get dehydrated while
immersed in water yep this is that polar
that company that polar straps is like
it's a popular one too they tracked a
chess champion 21 years old in October
he burned 560 calories in two hours of
sitting and playing chess which is about
the same amount as Roger Federer would
burn in an hour of singles tennis really
whines that's an hour of working I've
done I've that's about what I do like it
an hour of an elliptical is about 560
600 but I wouldn't feel like Federer
just hopping around all that plyos yeah
that's true he's hyper efficient right
like Bernard Hopkins when used to box
yeah you know it was super efficient no
elevate sustained elevated blood
pressure don't wonder if chess is the
pinnacle of things that you do that
aren't physical in terms of movement but
are incredibly calorie taxing one of
that's the number me that's a very
complex game oh my god I would die and
maybe like oh brain surgery go barely
moving but you're like concentrating so
hard for hours and hours at times yeah
yeah well there's certain things you do
though after it's over you're just
fucking exhausted and starving to death
like when I do two shows a night after
it's over I'm so hungry and that has to
be something like due to our 10 hour 15
minute sets because you're thinking and
you're managing it while you're doing it
is a giant audience there you got to be
fucking on yeah yeah that's uh but I
think the UFC makes me more
hungry but it's also like six hours
seven hours in a day and you're probably
moving around a lot yeah
hunting does it borrow when you're when
you're going through the mountains and
the intensity of hunting and then the
concentration and all those things and
it's incredibly calorie consuming it all
comes up right at they like you finish a
day hunting out there like spotting and
stalking and even if you don't kill
something right you don't get an animal
you come back at the end of the day and
all of a sudden like holy shit I'm
really hungry in yeah oh my god I'm weak
what was i doing all day and then when
you wake up in the morning it literally
is like you trained like the day before
you like 100% and it just fried when you
get to like a six seven day hunt when
you get to like day six day seven bro
you have put in some fucking work dude
that fourth day that moose hunt I'm like
okay here we go again cuz you're getting
up like it's like elk hunting you're
getting a pre-dawn and getting out there
that is something that's so missing from
videos there's something about hunting
videos like people just don't understand
how miserable it can be it's not just
that like they understand why you're
happy like why are you happy at the end
yeah you just killed an animal like if
you had any idea how hard this is and
then how difficult it is to execute a
good shot
no nervous I was it yeah Jack this up
yeah and then when it's over in the
animals down it's more of a relief and
the success is not it's everything all
together it's like an alleviation of
pressure success happiness but it's you
don't the the the longer and harder the
hunt is the more you appreciate that
though oh yes all and how much you're
putting in and I've heard that from guys
where they're like you have you punched
your ticket the first day you're gonna
you're just gonna feel like huh they can
all eat shit I punched my ticket every
chance I can I've heard that are you
everywhere I'm like look I'm not I'm not
buying into that nonsense like there's
Steve Rinella on one of his shows he had
this elk and it was like the first day
of the hunt and it was a great elk it's
about to shoot it and he's like I'm not
ready to end my hunt I want to keep
hunting and then he wanted I'm not
getting it now because that's how it
works
karma bitch yeah well it's like he
explained that he had just gotten back
from another episode cuz even he's
filming and then the episode previously
just last week he'd shot an elk okay so
he was like had meat in the freezer and
he's doing it for this show so he just
didn't want to like shoot it right there
and then and also that's probably the
pressure of you have to have a narrative
for the television show you know the
narrative can't be I got my shit
together and now he's dead do you ever
think you'd be interested in filming
stuff and putting content on because I
know you're a photographer or you're in
the ticket pictures not really I I like
taking pictures of other people doing
that stuff like oh yeah it's fun for me
to go out and do these hunts with Andy
and dud because I get to take pictures
mm-hmm I really enjoy photographing how
people go through processes and I really
enjoyed taking pictures it's it's been a
really meditative process for me and a
creative thing for me to do
coming from art school now I have an
outlet for that mm-hmm and I really like
being able to do it I don't think I
would want to videotape or take pictures
of myself doing it but participating in
the circle and being part of that
process and able to document it you know
from my point of view I enjoy that's
what I know you're not interested in
someone filming you while you go out and
do it I don't think so I'm I wouldn't
say no right but I'm not gonna that's
not something I'm seeking out right now
that is a thing that a lot of people get
into when they get into hunting
especially if they have a good social
media profile like you do like they
start thinking like maybe they should
like film hunts and that could be like
it's a weird thing right because it
becomes a part of what you're doing to
sort of expand your social media profile
yeah so then it feels weird it does it's
like what's your agenda right like my
agenda is meat in the freezer right
enjoying the process and man I get to
spend some really cool time with some
really really really good friends yeah
and that I don't I don't think I could
give that up for pushing the I want to
be famous too only because I'm filming
these hunts and then also the filming
thing the real problem is that person
filming you is also in the way yeah like
there's an extra body moving there's
extra smells there's extra sounds
they have to move to get the shot and
sometimes like you're drawn on an animal
and they don't have the shot so they
move in order to get a better angle the
animals like what the fuck is that yeah
and the animal sees them and takes off
that's and more power to guys like dud
they're able to do it successfully
uh-huh
it's phenomenal yeah but it also takes a
special amount of skill and a desire to
do it and he's really a he's a really
able to show people hunting in a great
way
right and pass on a lot of skills and a
lot of the enjoyment of the process yeah
is there any hunts that you were like
really interested in doing that you
haven't done yet I really want to do a
spot in stock mountain lion hunt oh
Jesus
oh yeah you want a spot and stalk the
thing that spots and stalks yes what are
you gonna do that I don't know so I
think in the Dakotas and in Oregon
there's a decent chance for it it's a
decent chance because the population
density population density and then I
think Oregon and I want to say South
Dakota don't allow dog hunts oh so
Oregon's weird that's dense Riggins a
weird place
that's dense footed I mean foliage yeah
yeah that would be hard I think it'd be
hard you know what though I want that
kind of chalak those are the things that
really get me like way deep inside yeah
we were talking about this last night
you're gonna give yourself well like
three weeks like I'm thinking in my head
I need a couple weeks to make it happen
Wow and I man look I'm a new hunter
mm-hmm but I'm doing as much research as
possible talking to all the right people
and when it happens it happens so I
would really want to make it happen
what's the process for that you get a
tag you go into the backcountry and are
you gonna bivy sack are you gonna just
sleep in the woods like that'd be my
that would be what I want to do mmm is
solo Biffy all right solo or maybe one
other guy I think more than that you're
gonna have so much presence in those
woods you're never going to see a cat
yeah so how the fuck do you find a cat
when you're by yourself I think you got
to cut a track or find a kill mmm so
your plan is to get yourself in an area
where there at lot of stars got a lineup
yeah but that's part of the that's part
of the cool part about hunting it's not
just killing right right
then well that's a that's probably one
of the most difficult hunts you can go
on damn right which and for me I grew up
in Southern California having seen a
mountain lion when I was younger I've
just had a a like a real deep feeling
about mountain lions I think they're
incredible animals and I think it would
be a really really special thing to pit
my training and brain with a bow against
a cat like and eat it
yes that's gonna be weird eat it sitting
down there eating a cat that you killed
with a bow and arrow it's gonna be
really cool yeah if it's if I'm able to
make it happen at some point but you
want mean you don't get a lot of meals
out of that cat I think they're huge
that's you dude a little cat like the
ones sounding down here they're like a
hundred and ten hundred twenty pounds
the ones up in BC are like two hundred
do they really get that big yeah two
hundred yeah that's a big cat yeah it's
a weird animal that just sort of coexist
with us you've seen that photo that I
have out there of the ones why the how
cool is Hollywood sign that's a real
photo it does it looks bad it's so cool
it looks fake but that's from a camera
trap that is a giant cat that lives in
Griffith Park right by the Hollywood
sign dude cats are cats are wild
that is a I mean that is a crazy place
for it to live though because it's
literally on top of people oh yeah and
the good luck finding a deer up there
for that reason that motherfucker's
jacking them all eating everything and
dogs and cats and probably kids some kid
fucks up but you let your kid off the
leash yeah I mean it's it's just a weird
animal to coexist with people in these
sort of semi urban settings like
Griffith Park but it's only weird
because of the setting and because we're
not used to it like we've coexisted with
these things for so long and now it's
weird because we've separated the last
few generations so how deeply how far
away are you from planning this out
probably a couple of years if I'm
guessing correctly how does that work
because it's hard to get a tag or no
because I want to make sure that my
skills and my ability are up to snuff
where I'm comfortable doing that and
pulling it off so it's right now just a
thought like like a plan
absolutely put it on the books for 2023
or something like that something like
that what about in between then more ELQ
I'd love to do it in there moose hunt
I'm gonna start helping to guide with
Cole Kramer up in Kodiak oh really
I've been Alaska yeah he's a buddy of
mine oh no shit I was up there I knew
him before all this no oh you met him we
met through all this oh and last year I
went up and assisted him on a mountain
goat mountain goat hunt that's a crazy
hunt super cool that's crazy terrain
right so I was up there packed kneeling
really yeah and you do that for the
experience just to see what it's like
yeah and really enjoyed it and I told
him man I really want to come back and
help you guide with brown bear and with
with sick uh black tails and mountain
goat again so this year I'm gonna be up
there doing something dude your balls
deep you know I mean you're all in
that's my bike that's just my I fucking
love it
like I love getting that deep into shit
like you give me a pool I'm gonna find
the bottom yeah well this is it's a
really interesting thing to get all in
with to because it is such a part of our
DNA and then it is the source of your
your nutrition now yeah which is really
interesting like that a hobby actually
feeds you my hobby has allowed me not
not to purchase red meat at a store in
years that's incredible and then I get
to share it with people ya know it
really is incredible yeah and it really
is the best meat you can buy and it
really it's you know we beat that beat
it like a dead horse but it really does
make it seem different when you're
eating that food your feelings are
different it's just it's hard to
describe for people I I would like
people to experience it somewhat and I
think you can get kind of the shadow of
it when you catch a fish and you eat
that fish yeah you get a shadow of it
you get a touch get a little glimmer
yeah you don't get the real elk steak
feeling now you don't get the elbow deep
and yeah
pulling that thing apart so this is like
your life now like absolutely Wow which
black rifle has really allowed me to do
that because I get to take a fair amount
of their lifestyle and environmental
mm-hmm and pictures so I'm able to go on
hunts with Evan and uh and Andy and make
it happen
and take pictures along the way don't
they have a crazy ranch down in Texas -
yeah I was down there last year how was
that a it was incredible I heard I heard
it's really awesome oh yeah
Texas is such a strange place it's I
always hit describe Texas's that's how
the rest of world sees America
absolutely I totally agree with that
100%
they're like America and you're like you
mean Texas yeah it's a coma it mean if
it's America for sure but it's like it's
sort of like there's places in America
that is so clearly what California is
one of those places so clearly
California yeah it does it's very
different than a lot of the rest of the
country yeah and Texas is the most
extreme version of that yeah well no
make sure you know yeah yeah yeah
they'll tell you they'll let you know
yeah it's one of those things and it's
for hunting opportunities like Texas is
incredible I mean there's absolutely
exotics and all kinds of weird animals
from other places that they've
transplanted their means and really I
and probably find a dinosaur if you you
know people in Texas some guy to have a
t-rex ranch a guy's a dream for a lot of
people to do the Ted Nugent thing
Ted Nugent just he has a house on a
ranch in Texas and he hunts literally on
his land oh man he hunts basically every
day because he has so many exotics the
way exotics work in Texas they're
basically private property yeah so you
don't have to abide by hunting seasons
you do it by whenever you feel like
doing it so anytime he wants a step out
of his you know back yard and go shoot
ooh Oryx for dinner its kudu day yeah
it's cool yes oh yeah there's kudu it's
right how weird is that
well the weird thing is like what if
they get out of Texas like does anybody
have a fucking plan for that I hope a
sudden there's no marco polo sheep in
nevada bro they have zebras here there's
free-range zebras in Texas
like that's my bullshit it's awesome
it's crazy hilarious
there's so nuts it's such a it's such a
fucking nutty part of the country that
there's you know there's more tigers in
captivity in Texas than there are in are
all of the wild of the world
cartoon version of the United States
yeah yeah bunch into one state so are
you planning on just traveling around
and and hunting now like that's like a
giant part of your lifestyle absolutely
have you have it planned out like as um
some of them I know I'm waiting on
finding out from dead about spring bear
so you're just gonna work for black
rifle and then do your haunts absolutely
and keep crazy how something can so
quickly become a giant part of your life
yeah I fucking love it now I just got a
silver out some for some jujitsu and
maybe or hobby creep like yeah see
weapons well listen brother we just did
three hours leave it or not awesome
time flies um tell people one more time
your Instagram and your social media so
my Instagram is Trevor dot P dot
Thompson and you can find me there as
well as my photography and my art
everything's there everything's right
beautiful alright
glad we do this it was fun hell yeah man
thanks brother hi everybody thank you
[Music]
[Applause]